Scolopendra gigantea, also known as the Peruvian giant yellow-leg centipede or Amazonian giant centipede, is one of the largest centipedes of the genus Scolopendra with a length up to 30 centimetres. This species is found in various places in South America and the Caribbean, where it preys on a wide variety of animals, including other sizable arthropods, amphibians, mammals and reptiles.
Teucrium corymbosum, commonly known as forest germander, is a perennial herb in the family Lamiaceae, native to Australia and New Guinea. The species occurs in south-eastern Australia in forest, dry creeks and cleared areas. It grows to 1.5 metres high and produces white flowers mostly between August and April in the species' native range.
The Christian–Patterson Rental Property is a two-story, Italianate house built about 1890 in Eugene, Oregon. The house was constructed by Daniel Christian as a rental property for his daughter, Ethenda. Sarah Patterson, another of Christian's daughters, purchased the property in 1903. Patterson had married Abram S. Patterson, an early Eugene mayor, merchant, and postmaster.
Malá Štáhle is a village and municipality in Bruntál District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
Hymenocallis occidentalis is a plant species native to the southern United States. It is known along the Gulf Coast from South Carolina to Texas, and in the Mississippi Valley as far north as southern Illinois and Indiana. It is also cultivated as an ornamental elsewhere because of its showy, sweet-smelling flowers. Common names include woodland spider-lily, hammock spider-lily or northern spider-lily.
The Turkish Brigade was a Turkish Army Infantry Brigade that served with the United Nations Command during the Korean War between 1950 and 1953. Attached to the U.S. 25th Infantry Division, the Turkish Brigade fought in several actions and was awarded Unit Citations from Korea and the United States after fighting in the Battle of Kunuri. The Turkish Brigade developed a reputation for its fighting ability, stubborn defense, commitment to mission, and bravery.
Stephen Beckett Whatley is an English painter. He specialises in expressionistic oil paintings. His subjects include city scapes, landscapes, architecture, still life, portraits and Christian works.
Fernando de Quintanilha e Mendonça Dias GCC, TO, ComA, GOA, GCA, MPBS, MOBS, GOI, GOIH, ECMM was a member of the Portuguese Navy, and a political and colonial administrator during the Estado Novo and Minister of the Navy from 1958 to 1968. In this role he was instrumental in the creation of the Hydrographic Institute.
"Nampula is the capital city of Nampula Province in northeastern Mozambique. Also known as ""The Capital of the North"", Nampula is the centre of business in northern Mozambique. It has several western-style hotels, restaurants and shopping centres. It also has a small international airport connecting to Nairobi in Kenya and Johannesburg in South Africa, and is a transport hub for local transport in northern Mozambique.
Aga is a town located in Niigata Prefecture, Japan. As of 1 July 2019, the town had an estimated population of 10,327, and a population density of 10.8 persons per km². The total area of the town is 952.89 square kilometres.
Tomasz Majewski is a Polish shot putter and a double Olympic gold medalist. He is the third shot putter to successfully defend the Olympic title, first European to do so, and the first since Parry O'Brien in 1956.
Frederick Arthur Stanley, 16th Earl of Derby, KG, GCB, GCVO, PC styled as Hon. Frederick Stanley from 1844 to 1886 and as Lord Stanley of Preston between 1886 and 1893, was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom who served as Colonial Secretary from 1885 to 1886 and the sixth Governor General of Canada from 1888 to 1893. An avid sportsman, he built Stanley House Stables in England and is famous in North America for presenting Canada with the Stanley Cup. Stanley was also one of the original inductees of the Hockey Hall of Fame.
"The Clash were an English rock band formed in London in 1976 as a key player in the original wave of British punk rock. They also contributed to the post-punk and new wave movements that emerged in the wake of punk and employed elements of a variety of genres including reggae, dub, funk, ska, and rockabilly. For most of their recording career, the Clash consisted of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Joe Strummer, lead guitarist and vocalist Mick Jones, bassist Paul Simonon, and drummer Nicky ""Topper"" Headon. Headon left the group in 1982 and internal friction led to Jones' departure the following year. The group continued with new members, but finally disbanded in early 1986.
Presenilins are a family of related multi-pass transmembrane proteins which constitute the catalytic subunits of the gamma-secretase intramembrane protease complex. They were first identified in screens for mutations causing early onset forms of familial Alzheimer's disease by Peter St George-Hyslop at the Centre for Research in Neurodegenerative Diseases at the University of Toronto, and now also at the University of Cambridge. Vertebrates have two presenilin genes, called PSEN1 that encodes presenilin 1 and PSEN2 that codes for presenilin 2. Both genes show conservation between species, with little difference between rat and human presenilins. The nematode worm C. elegans has two genes that resemble the presenilins and appear to be functionally similar, sel-12 and hop-1.
EFU House, formerly known as Qamar House, is designed in the Art Deco architectural style, by Qamardin Mahomed Hashwani in 1948 and was built on Muhammad Ali Jinnah Road in central Karachi between 1948 and 1955 by Qamardin & Co. It was the tallest building in Karachi until the construction of the Habib Bank Plaza building in 1968.
Algeciras. The Port of Algeciras is one of the largest ports in Europe and the world in three categories: container,
Bakenrenef or Bakenranef was an ancient Egyptian Vizier of the North during the reign of Psamtik I of the 26th Dynasty. Like Khaemwaset several centuries before, he bore the title of Iunmutef, “Cleaner of the Great House”. His father was a mayor called Padineit, while his mother was a certain Tageb.
General elections were held in Mexico on 5 July 1970. The presidential elections were won by Luis Echeverría Álvarez, who received 86.0% of the vote. In the Chamber of Deputies election, the Institutional Revolutionary Party won 178 of the 213 seats, as well as winning all 64 seats in the Senate election. Voter turnout in the legislative elections was 64.4%.
Little Brother is an American hip hop duo from Durham, North Carolina that consists of rappers Phonte and Big Pooh, DJ and Producer 9th Wonder was an original member of the group but departed in 2007. The group has produced five acclaimed studio albums and six mixtapes.
The sixgill hagfish or snotslang is a species of marine fish in the hagfish family of order Myxiniformes. It is native to the South Atlantic Ocean and southwestern Indian Ocean.
Raymond Kipkoech is a Kenyan marathon runner who won the 2002 Berlin Marathon. He also won the 2004 Venice Marathon, the 2005 Xiamen International Marathon, and the 2011 Jerusalem Marathon.
"Marie of the Incarnation, also as Madame Acarie, was the foundress of the nuns of the Discalced Carmelite Order in France, who later became a lay sister of the Order. She has been called the ""mother of Carmel in France""."
Cheirolophus crassifolius, the Maltese centaury, Maltese rock-centaury or Widnet il-Baar, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae. It is endemic to Malta, where it has been the national plant of Malta since 1973. Its natural habitats are cliffs and coastal valleys. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Stenseby is a small settlement near St Bodil's Church in the southeast of the Danish island of Bornholm. For a time, an active community grew up around Bodilsker Station on the Rønne–Nexø railway which operated from 1900 to 1968. The area is also known for its passage grave discovered in the 1880s.
Blepsias is a genus of sea ravens native to the northern Pacific Ocean.
Night Club is an American electronic band, formed by Mark Brooks and Emily Kavanaugh in 2012. The band currently resides in Los Angeles, California, United States.
The George Washington and Jefferson National Forests are U.S. National Forests that combine to form one of the largest areas of public land in the Eastern United States. They cover 1.8 million acres of land in the Appalachian Mountains of Virginia, West Virginia, and Kentucky. Approximately 1 million acres of the forest are remote and undeveloped and 139,461 acres have been designated as wilderness areas, which eliminates future development.
Eugenie Besserer was an American actress who starred in silent films and features of the early sound motion-picture era, beginning in 1910. Her most prominent role is that of the title character's mother in the first talkie film, The Jazz Singer.
Holothuria mexicana, the donkey dung sea cucumber, is commonly found in the Caribbean and the Azores. It is a commercially important aspidochirote sea cucumber that can reach a total length of 50 cm.
South Branch Bowman Creek is a tributary of Bowman Creek in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately 3.0 miles long and flows through Fairmount Township and Ross Township. The watershed of the creek has an area of 3.92 square miles. The surficial geology in its vicinity consists of alluvial fan, alluvium, Wisconsinan Ice-Contact Sratified Drift, fill, lakes, Boulder Colluvium, Wisconsinan Till, Wisconsinan Bouldery Till, wetlands, and bedrock. Most of the creek is in Ricketts Glen State Park. It has one named tributary, which is known as Cherry Run. The creek's watershed is designated as a High-Quality Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery.
Paul Francis Gray was an Australian songwriter, pianist, singer and record producer. He met with early success as the lead vocalist for the 1980s funk/pop band Wa Wa Nee.
La Grange is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Sigisbert Chrétien Bosch Reitz, known as Gijs was a Dutch painter in the Impressionist and Symbolist styles. He was also associated with the Laren School.
Nass Corporation B.S.C. is a Bahraini public joint-stock company established and listed on the Bahrain Stock Exchange since the year 2005. The paid-up capital is currently BHD 22 million.
William Peter Sprague was a businessman, banker, politician, and a two-term U.S. Representative from Ohio.
The First Presbyterian Church in Greeneville, Tennessee is a historic congregation of the Presbyterian Church located in downtown Greeneville, TN. It was the first church established in Greeneville and is one of the oldest churches in the State of Tennessee. First Presbyterian Church, originally Mount Bethel Presbyterian Church, was first gathered in 1780 at the Big Spring in downtown Greeneville, with the first services preached by traveling frontier minister Samuel Doak. In 1783, regular services began, and Rev. Hezekiah Balch was the first settled minister.
Ernst Julius Röhm was a leader and co-founder of the German Sturmabteilung, the Stormtroopers. He also was a member of the German Reichstag, where he was a minister from 1933 to 1934. He was murdered during the Night of the Long Knives, in 1934. Adolf Hitler gave the order to murder Röhm.
Wheeling Hospital is a historic 223 bed hospital at 1 Medical Park in Wheeling, West Virginia. Founded in 1850, it is one of the oldest hospitals in the United States in continuous operation. It was founded by Visitation Nuns and later became affiliated with the convent of the Sisters of St. Joseph. During the Civil War, the hospital was used by the military.
Londontowne is an unincorporated area and former census-designated place in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States, and the site of a former colonial seaport founded on the South River in 1683. The population was 7,595 at the 2000 census. At the 2010 census, the area was delineated as the Edgewater CDP.
The Seth Wetmore House is a residence built in the Center-Hall Colonial style in 1746 at 1066 Washington Street, Middletown, Connecticut.
Fort Yates is a city in Sioux County, North Dakota in the United States. It is the tribal headquarters of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and county seat of Sioux County. Since 1970 the population has declined markedly from more than 1100 residents, as people have left for other locations for work. The population was 184 at the 2010 census.
Santa Fe Township is one of fifteen townships in Clinton County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,136 and it contained 454 housing units. The township was formed from part of Germantown and Carlyle townships.
Lynval Golding is a Jamaican-born British musician. His family moved from Jamaica to Gloucester, before moving to Coventry when he was eighteen. He is currently living in Gig Harbor, Washington. He is best known as a rhythm guitarist and vocalist with the British 2 Tone Records band, the Specials.
Acâ is a rural municipality of 2,827 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County, Criana, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Acâ, Gana, Mihieni and Unimt.
Alexandre Rodolphe Vinet, was a Swiss critic and theologian.
The black-headed woodpecker is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Sebastian Rejman is a Finnish singer, actor, and television host. He is the singer and guitarist of the band The Giant Leap. While Giant Leap has been on hiatus, Rejman founded a new band called Sebastian & The 4th Line Band.
Lake Onega is a lake in the north-west European part of Russia, located on the territory of Republic of Karelia, Leningrad Oblast and Vologda Oblast. It belongs to the basin of the Baltic Sea, Atlantic Ocean, and is the second largest lake in Europe after Lake Ladoga. The lake is fed by about 50 rivers and is drained by the Svir.
The EMD GP30 is a 2,250 hp four-axle road switcher diesel-electric locomotive built by General Motors Electro-Motive Division of La Grange, Illinois between July 1961 and November 1963. A total of 948 units were built for railroads in the United States and Canada, including 40 cabless B units for the Union Pacific Railroad.
Grachev is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the northwest of the Mare Orientale impact basin, in the outer skirt of ejecta surrounding the Montes Cordillera mountain ring. Passing along the southwestern edge of Grachev is the Catena Michelson, a valley-like formation composed of a linear chain of small craters. This feature is radial to the Mare Orientale basin. To the north is the crater Leuschner.
Isaiah M. Livers is an American college basketball player for the Michigan Wolverines of the Big Ten Conference. He attended Kalamazoo Central High School where he won the Mr. Basketball of Michigan. He was part of the 2017–18 team that won the 2018 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament and reached the Championship Game of the 2018 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament.
Route 75 in the U.S. states of Connecticut and Massachusetts is a 17.5-mile-long scenic route connecting the Hartford, Connecticut, and Springfield, Massachusetts, areas. The route begins at Route 159 in the town of Windsor, Connecticut, and ends at the junction of Route 159/Route 147 in the city of Agawam, Massachusetts.
The Bayan Lepas Free Industrial Zone is a high-tech manufacturing area in Bayan Lepas, near the southeastern tip of Penang Island in Penang, Malaysia. Created in 1972, the area is Malaysia's first free-trade zone and was instrumental in alleviating an economic crisis in Penang. The zone is now home to various multinational firms, including Bosch, Motorola, Dell, Intel and Hewlett-Packard, and has been regarded as the Silicon Valley of the East.
Tarasa Shevchenka is a station on Kiev Metro's Obolonsko–Teremkivska Line. The station was opened on December 19, 1980 in the northern part of the historic Podil neighbourhood and is named after the famous Ukrainian poet, writer, and painter, Taras Shevchenko. It was designed by T.A. Tselikovska, A.S. Krushynskyi, and A. Pratsiuk.
The Dachstein Mountains are a mountain range in the Northern Limestone Alps.
Mazion is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Rebecca Peterson is a Swedish tennis player of Estonian descent.
The knot is a unit of speed equal to one nautical mile per hour, exactly 1.852 km/h. The ISO standard symbol for the knot is kn. The same symbol is preferred by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers; kt is also common, especially in aviation, where it is the form recommended by the International Civil Aviation Organization. The knot is a non-SI unit. The knot is used in meteorology, and in maritime and air navigation. A vessel travelling at 1 knot along a meridian travels approximately one minute of geographic latitude in one hour.
Štíhlice is a village and municipality in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality covers an area of 5.19 km² and as of 2009 it had a population of 134.
Charles Brun was a submarine built for the French Navy during the first decade of the 20th century, the only boat of her class.
Pongola Commando was a light infantry regiment of the South African Army. It formed part of the South African Army Infantry Formation as well as the South African Territorial Reserve.
"Black Mesa is a mesa in the U.S. states of Colorado, New Mexico, and Oklahoma. It extends from Mesa de Maya, Colorado southeasterly 28 miles along the north bank of the Cimarron River, crossing the northeast corner of New Mexico to end at the confluence of the Cimarron River and Carrizo Creek near Kenton in the Oklahoma panhandle. Its highest elevation is 5,705 feet in Colorado. The highest point of Black Mesa within New Mexico is 5,239 feet. In northwestern Cimarron County, Oklahoma, Black Mesa reaches 4,973 feet, the highest point in the state of Oklahoma. The plateau that formed at the top of the mesa has been known as a ""geological wonder"" of North America. There is abundant wildlife in this shortgrass prairie environment, including mountain lions, butterflies, and the Texas horned lizard."
Annouk van der Weijden is a Dutch speed skater. Born in Leiderdorp, she competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, where she placed fifth in 3000 metres. She competed again at the 2018 Winter Olympics and finished fourth in 5000 metres.
Pareledone is a genus of octopuses in the family Megaleledonidae.
George Herbert Marsh was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League.
Marine Lines is a locality in South Mumbai. The name Marine Lines is derived from the Marine Battalion Lines, a military establishment built by the British in the 19th century. The battalion was later converted to an air force residential quarters, and now lies just south of Metro Adlabs. It is also the name of a railway station on the Mumbai suburban railway on the Western Railway railway line. Marine Lines was also the name of the road on which Bombay Hospital and Liberty Cinema stand. It is now known as V Thackersey Marg. Marine Drive is the famous promenade near the station. Marine Drive has one of the finest Art Deco Residential Buildings facing the sea.
The Holden Astra is a small car formerly marketed by Holden. The first couple of generations of Astra were made only for Australia, and was a derivative of the locally produced Nissan Pulsar. With the Button car plan coming into effect, it was replaced by the Holden Nova, a rebadged Toyota Corolla.
Irvine is a home rule-class city in Estill County, Kentucky, in the United States. It is the seat of its county. Its population was 2,715 at the time of the 2010 census. It is located on the Kentucky River at the junction of Kentucky Route 52 and Kentucky Route 89.
"Crosby United Reformed Church, originally Great Crosby Congregational Church, is on the corner of Eshe Road and Mersey Road in Great Crosby, a suburb of Liverpool, Merseyside, England. It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building. It is an active congregation of the United Reformed Church. The authors of the Buildings of England series, referring to the architecture of the church, say ""The whole is very satisfying""."
The Acadian Landing Site, also known as the Acadian Cross Historic Shrine, is a site historically significant to the French-American Acadian population of far northern Maine. Located on the southern bank of the Saint John River east of Madawaska and marked by a large marble cross, it is the site traditionally recorded as the landing point of the first Acadians to settle this region of the upper Saint John River. The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
Andranik Eskandarian is a former Iranian football player. He has played for Iran national team.
Hotwells railway station, was a railway station situated in the suburb of Hotwells in Bristol, England. It was the original southern terminus of the Bristol Port Railway and Pier which ran to a station and pier at Avonmouth. The station opened in 1865, originally named Clifton station, and was situated in the Avon Gorge almost underneath the Clifton Suspension Bridge, near the Clifton Rocks Railway, the Hotwells terminus of Bristol Tramways, the Rownham ferry and landing stages used by passenger steamers.
Thérèse Philosophe is a 1748 French novel ascribed to Jean-Baptiste de Boyer, Marquis d'Argens. It has been chiefly regarded as a pornographic novel, which accounts for its massive sales in 18th-century France. Aside from that however, this novel represents a public conveyance for some ideas of the Philosophes.
Eleni Mandell is an American singer-songwriter. Since 2000, she has published albums through Zedtone Records in Toronto, Ontario, which in 2012 began licensing her releases to Yep Roc in the United States, and Make My Day in Europe. She is also a member of folk supergroup The Living Sisters with Inara George and Becky Stark.
Rajesh Hamal is a Nepali film actor, singer, model, and television host. Born in Tansen, Palpa, Nepal, Hamal was one of the highest paid Nepali actors throughout the 1990s and 2000s.
August Sicard von Sicardsburg was an Austrian architect. He is best remembered as the co-architect of the Vienna State Opera, together with Eduard van der Nüll.
Nicholas Holman is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Gold Coast Football Club in the Australian Football League. He previously played for Carlton from 2014 to 2015.
Lerbach is a village of Osterode am Harz in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is based in the south-western part of the Harz mountains.
Bolesaw V the Chaste was Duke of Sandomierz in Lesser Poland from 1232 and High Duke of Poland from 1243 until his death, as the last male representative of the Lesser Polish branch of Piasts.
Digicel IMAX is Trinidad and Tobago first and only IMAX 3D movie theatre.
Besset is a commune in the Ariège department of southwestern France.
Kirbyville is a city in Jasper County, Texas, United States. The population was 2,142 at the 2010 census.
Urbar is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Rhein-Hunsrück-Kreis in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It belongs to the Verbandsgemeinde Hunsrück-Mittelrhein, whose seat is in Emmelshausen. From 1974 to 1999, Urbar was a Stadtteil of Oberwesel; however, with effect from 13 June 1999, it once more became a self-administering municipality.
The Tierpark Hagenbeck is a zoo in Stellingen, Hamburg, Germany. The collection began in 1863 with animals that belonged to Carl Hagenbeck Sr., a fishmonger who became an amateur animal collector. The park itself was founded by Carl Hagenbeck Jr. in 1907. It is known for being the first zoo to use open enclosures surrounded by moats, rather than barred cages, to better approximate animals' natural environments.
York Racecourse is a horse racing venue in York, North Yorkshire, England.
The 1885 Princeton Tigers football team represented the College of New Jersey, then more commonly known as Princeton College, in the 1885 college football season. The team finished with a 9–0 record and was retroactively named as consensus national champions by the Billingsley Report, Helms Athletic Foundation, Houlgate System, National Championship Foundation, and Parke H. Davis. This season marked Princeton's 13th football national championship.
The Barden–O'Connor House in Victoria, Texas was built in 1870. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
The George R. Minot House is a National Historic Landmark at 71 Sears Road in Brookline, Massachusetts. It is an architecturally undistinguished vernacular Colonial Revival brick house, probably built in the 1920s. The 2-1/2 story main block has an attached 1-1/2 story ell, and two end chimneys. The hip roof is pierced by gabled dormers, and a pedimented portico shelters the front entry.
La Réale was a galley of the French galley corps, and the flagship of the French galley fleet under Louis XIV. She was designed by Jean-Baptiste Chabert, and built in Marseille between 1692 and 1694.
Frederik Obermaier is an investigative journalist for the Munich-based newspaper, Süddeutsche Zeitung, and author.
Brian H. Hook is an American lawyer and government official. He served as U.S. Special Representative for Iran and Senior Policy Advisor to Secretary of State Mike Pompeo from September 2018 to August 2020. He previously served as the Director of Policy Planning under Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
Kaire Leibak is a retired Estonian triple jumper. Her personal best jump of 14.43 metres is the Estonian record.
Maruyama was a town located in Awa District, Chiba Prefecture, Japan.
The Turf Shipyard in Schlussdorf, Lower Saxony, Germany, is a former boat builder's yard now used as an open-air museum. The yard, operating from 1850 to 1954, was specialised on barges to transport turf, that is dried peat used as fuel. In 1975 the Heimatverein Schlußdorf started to rescue the dilapidated shipyard buildings and reopened the site as a museum in 1977. The Turf Shipyard is about 3 kilometres north of Worpswede's outskirts.
Fredericton International Airport is an airport in Lincoln, New Brunswick, Canada, 7 nautical miles southeast of Fredericton.
Svaliava Raion is a raion in Zakarpattia Oblast in western Ukraine. Its administrative center is Svaliava. Population: 54,557.
The Cap Tourmente National Wildlife Area is a National Wildlife Area located on the north shore of the Saint Lawrence River in the National Provincial Capital Region of Quebec, established on 28 April 1978. It is one of the critical habitats for the greater snow goose during migration. Flocks of tens of thousands of these birds stop over to feed on the bullrushes in the spring and fall. The tidal marsh was recognized as a wetland of international significance per the Ramsar Convention in 1981, the first North American site to receive that distinction.
Bouquet is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Anion exchange protein 3 is a membrane transport protein that in humans is encoded by the SLC4A3 gene. AE3 is functionally similar to the Band 3 Cl/HCO3 exchange protein but it is expressed primarily in brain neurons and in the heart. Like AE2 its activity is sensitive to pH. AE3 mutations have been linked to seizures.
"Juan Alberto ""Juancho"" Hernangómez Geuer is a Spanish professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association. He previously played for Estudiantes of the Liga ACB, and has represented the senior Spain national team."
The 61st Division of the Philippine Army was an infantry division from the 1930s to 1942.
KDB Jerambak is the third ship of the Nakhoda Ragam class and was originally built for the Royal Brunei Navy and was ultimately bought by the Indonesian Navy and renamed KRI Bung Tomo. Bung Tomo is the lead ship of her class.
Biju Toppo is an anthropological and national award-winning tribal documentary filmmaker from Ranchi, Jharkhand. He uses film as a medium for social activism on behalf of marginalized indigenous communities, and teaches video production at St. Xaviers College, Ranchi, Jharkhand, India. He belongs to the ethnic group Kurukh of India.
Bungalotis is a Neotropical butterfly genus in the family Hesperiidae.
Mel Grant Counts is an American retired basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association from 1964 to 1976. An excellent outside shooter for a 7 footer, he was on the United States Olympic basketball team that won the gold at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He played in college for Oregon State University and was selected by the Boston Celtics in the 1964 NBA draft. The Celtics won the NBA Championship in 1965 and 1966 with Counts on the team as Bill Russell's backup, but he was traded for the 1967 season to the Baltimore Bullets. Halfway through that season he was traded to the Los Angeles Lakers, who made it to the playoffs that year.
Sony Interactive Entertainment is a multinational video game and digital entertainment company wholly owned by Japanese conglomerate Sony Corporation. The SIE Group is made up of three legal corporate entities, which operate under a single global leadership: Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC, based in San Mateo, California, United States and the global headquarters, Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc., based in Minato, Tokyo, Japan, and Sony Interactive Entertainment Europe Ltd, based in London, United Kingdom. Tokyo-based SIE Inc. was originally founded as Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. in November 1993 to handle Sony's venture into video game development for the PlayStation systems. SIE LLC was established in San Mateo in April 2016 and is managed through Sony's American hub, Sony Corporation of America.
The Wright Flyer III was the third powered aircraft by the Wright Brothers, built during the winter of 1904–05. Orville Wright made the first flight with it on June 23, 1905. The Flyer III had an airframe of spruce construction with a wing camber of 1-in-20 as used in 1903, rather than the less effective 1-in-25 used in 1904. The new machine was equipped with the engine and other hardware from the scrapped Flyer II and—after major modifications—achieved much greater performance than Flyers I and II.
Danville is a borough in and the county seat of Montour County, Pennsylvania, United States, along the North Branch of the Susquehanna River. Danville was home to 8,042 people in 1900, 7,517 people in 1910, and 7,122 people in 1940. The population was 4,699 at the 2010 census.
USS Betelgeuse (AK-260) was the last of the cargo ships in service in the United States Navy. She was launched on 10 April 1944 as a Victory ship, the SS Colombia Victory, to carry cargo for World War II. She was transferred to the US Navy in 1951.
Bozeman is a city and the county seat of Gallatin County, Montana. Located in southwest Montana, the 2010 census put Bozeman's population at 37,280 and by 2019 the population had risen to 49,831, making it the fourth largest city in Montana. It is the principal city of the Bozeman, MT Micropolitan Statistical Area, consisting of all of Gallatin County with a population of 97,304. It is the largest Micropolitan Statistical Area in Montana, the fastest growing Micropolitan Statistical Area in the United States in both 2018 and 2019 and is the third largest of all Montana's statistical areas.
State Highway 145 is a state highway in western Colorado. It runs for 116.879 miles between U.S. Route 160 in Cortez and SH 141 near Naturita.
"On 19 April 1943, members of the Belgian Resistance stopped a Holocaust train and freed a number of Jews who were being transported to Auschwitz concentration camp from Mechelen transit camp in Belgium, on the twentieth convoy from the camp. In the aftermath of the attack, a number of others were able to jump from the train too. In all, 233 people managed to escape, of whom 118 ultimately survived. The remainder were either killed during the escape or were recaptured soon afterwards. The attack was unusual as an attempt by the resistance to free Jewish deportees and marks the only ""mass breakout"" by deportees on a Holocaust train."
Short Payment Descriptor is a compact data format for an easy exchange of a payment information using modern electronic channels, such as smart phones or NFC devices. Practically, the format is being deployed in the Czech Republic and the Slovak Republic, but format can be technically used with any bank using IBAN account numbers. That includes currently most of European countries, some in the Middle East and few other ones.
Pelicaria vermis, known as the small ostrich foot shell or takai in Mori, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Struthiolariidae. It is the only extant species in the genus.
"The Black Hundred, also known as the black-hundredists, was an ultra-nationalist movement in Russia in the early 20th century. It was a staunch supporter of the House of Romanov and opposed any retreat from the autocracy of the reigning monarch. The name apparently arose from the Medieval concept of ""black"", or common people, organized into militias.
Edgware Road is a major road through north-west London, starting at Marble Arch in the City of Westminster and running north to Edgware in the London Borough of Barnet. It is also a boundary between several North London boroughs. The route has its origins as a Roman road and therefore runs for 10 miles in an almost perfect straight line, which is unusual in London. It is part of the modern A5 road. It undergoes several name changes along its length, including Maida Vale, Kilburn High Road, Shoot Up Hill and Cricklewood Broadway; but the road is, as a whole, known as the Edgware Road, as it is the road to Edgware.
"Christopher S. ""Cito"" Culver is an American professional baseball shortstop who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the New York Yankees in the first round of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft."
Rodrigo Medina de la Cruz is Mexican politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party. He served as Governor of Nuevo León from 2009 to 2015. He was linked by Operation Tornado prosecution to legal proceedings against him for embezzlement, property crimes, abuse of authority and unjust enrichment among 14 other public servers, deputies and former deputies as well as relatives and partners of the politician. For that reason he was held in preventive custody on January 26, 2017.
The large-tailed nightjar is a species of nightjar in the family Caprimulgidae.
Fauth is a small double-crater located at the edge of the rough southern ramparts of the prominent ray crater Copernicus on the Moon. It lies in the Mare Insularum, to the northeast of the crater Reinhold. The crater is named after German selenographer Philipp Johann Heinrich Fauth.
Cansahcab is a town and the municipal seat of the Cansahcab Municipality, Yucatán in Mexico.
Montluçon is a commune in central France, in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, on the Cher river. It is the commune in the department with largest population, although the department's préfecture is in the smaller city of Moulins.
The Qizhong Forest Sports City Arena, also known as Qizhong Stadium, is a tennis arena in Shanghai, People's Republic of China.
The Ritzy is a cinema in Brixton, London, England. It is a Grade II listed building. It is managed by Picturehouse Cinemas, who were bought by Cineworld in 2012.
Elevation Worship is a contemporary worship music band from Elevation Church in Charlotte, North Carolina. The band leads worship in weekend church services, as well as performing concerts and tours around the United States. They have previously toured with other contemporary Christian acts including Hillsong Worship, Lauren Daigle, Bethel Music, Passion, and others.
Hwawon Station is an underground station of the Daegu Metro Line 1 in Dalseong County Daegu, South Korea.
Immaculée Ilibagiza is a Rwandan American author and motivational speaker. Her first book, Left to Tell: Discovering God Amidst the Rwandan Holocaust, is an autobiographical work detailing how she survived during the Rwandan genocide. She was featured on one of Wayne Dyer's PBS programs, and also on a December 3, 2006 segment of 60 Minutes.
Natsumi Abe is a Japanese singer and actress, a former member of Morning Musume, and currently a member of Dream Morning Musume.
Rush Township is a township in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the township population was 231, up from 180 at the 2000 census.
The Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archdiocese of Tokyo is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in Japan. It was erected as the Apostolic Vicariate of Japan on May 1, 1846, by Pope Gregory XVI, and its name was later changed by Pope Pius IX to the Apostolic Vicariate of Northern Japan on May 22, 1876.
The 2004 United States Senate elections were held on November 2, 2004, with all Class 3 Senate seats being contested. They coincided with the re-election of George W. Bush as president and the United States House election, as well as many state and local elections. Senators who were elected in 1998, known as Senate Class 3, were seeking re-election or retiring in 2004. This was the third consecutive election for Senate Class 3 where the Democrats either broke even or lost seats. This also marked the first time since 1980 in which a presidential candidate from either party won with coattails in the Senate. As of 2018, these are the last elections held during a Presidential election year in which the Republicans made a net gain of seats.
Sheron Mancilha Menezes is a Brazilian actress.
The Greatest Showman is a 2017 American musical biographical drama movie directed by Michael Gracey. It stars Hugh Jackman, Zac Efron, Michelle Williams, Rebecca Ferguson, and Zendaya. The movie is inspired by the story of P. T. Barnum's creation of the Barnum & Bailey Circus and the lives the star attractions.
Kenton Park is a public park in north Portland, Oregon's Kenton neighborhood, in the United States. The 11.91-acre park was acquired in 1941. A new playground opened in 2018.
Tsampa or Tsamba is a Tibetan and Himalayan staple foodstuff, particularly prominent in the central part of the region. It is roasted flour, usually barley flour and sometimes also wheat flour. It is usually mixed with the salty Tibetan butter tea. It is also eaten in Turkestan and Mongolia, where it is known as zamba.
"The Toronto Normal School was a teachers college in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Opened in 1847, the Normal School was located at Church and Gould streets in central Toronto, and was a predecessor to the current Ontario Institute for Studies in Education. The Royal Ontario Museum, the Ontario College of Art & Design and the Ontario Agricultural College all originated at the Normal School's campus, officially named St. James Square, such that the school became known as ""the cradle of Ontario's education system"". The school's landmark Gothic-Romanesque building was designed by architects Thomas Ridout and Frederick William Cumberland in 1852. The landmark building was demolished in 1963, but architectural elements of the structure remain on the campus of Ryerson University."
Monchy-au-Bois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Ebla was one of the earliest kingdoms in Syria. Its remains constitute a tell located about 55 km southwest of Aleppo near the village of Mardikh. Ebla was an important center throughout the 3rd millennium BC and in the first half of the 2nd millennium BC. Its discovery proved the Levant was a center of ancient, centralized civilization equal to Egypt and Mesopotamia and ruled out the view that the latter two were the only important centers in the Near East during the Early Bronze Age. The first Eblaite kingdom has been described as the first recorded world power.
Rock Springs is a village in Sauk County, Wisconsin, United States, along the Baraboo River. The population was 362 at the 2010 census.
Kareem AJ Hunt is an American football running back for the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League. He played college football at Toledo and was drafted by the Kansas City Chiefs in the third round of the 2017 NFL Draft. As a rookie in 2017, he led the NFL in rushing yards and was selected to the Pro Bowl. Hunt was released by the Chiefs on November 30, 2018, after a videotape of him kicking a woman on the ground the previous February surfaced.
The South Eastern Highlands is an interim Australian bioregion in eastern Australia, that spans parts of the states and territories of New South Wales, the Australian Capital Territory, and Victoria. The bioregion comprises 8,375,961 hectares and is approximately 3,860 kilometres long. The Australian Alps as well as the South West Slopes bound the region from the south and west; and to the northeast, the Sydney Basin bioregion, as well as the bioregion of the South East Corner, to the east.
"The Petya class was the NATO reporting name for a class of light frigates designed in the 1950s and built for the Soviet Navy in the 1960s. The Soviet designation was ""storozhevoi korabl`"" Project 159."
Krasice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasiczyn, within Przemyl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres west of Krasiczyn, 10 km west of Przemyl, and 54 km south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
Kyle Dubas is a Canadian ice hockey executive who is currently the general manager of the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League. Dubas spent his youth in various roles with the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds of the Ontario Hockey League, including a term as the team's general manager after graduating from university. He attended Brock University and graduated with a degree in Sports Management, and started his career by briefly acting as a player agent. Dubas joined the Maple Leafs organization as an assistant general manager in 2014, and played a key role in developing the Toronto Marlies of the American Hockey League. In 2018, the Marlies captured the Calder Cup as AHL Champions. At the time of his hire, Dubas was the second youngest general manager in NHL history, behind John Chayka of the Arizona Coyotes.
Frederick Cornwallis served as Archbishop of Canterbury, after an illustrious career in the Anglican Church. He was born the seventh son of an aristocratic family.
Michael Jay Feinstein is an American singer, pianist, and music revivalist. He is an interpreter of and an anthropologist and archivist for the repertoire known as the Great American Songbook. In 1988 he won a Drama Desk Special Award for celebrating American musical theatre songs. Feinstein is also a multi-platinum-selling, five-time Grammy-nominated recording artist. He currently serves as Artistic Director for The Center for the Performing Arts in Carmel, Indiana.
"""Snow White"" is a 19th-century German fairy tale that is today known widely across the Western world. The Brothers Grimm published it in 1812 in the first edition of their collection Grimms' Fairy Tales and numbered as Tale 53. The original German title was Sneewittchen, a Low German form, but the first version gave the High German translation Schneeweißchen, and the tale has become known in German by the mixed form Schneewittchen.
Gorky Park or   is a Russian hard rock band, that gained mainstream popularity in the United States during Perestroika. Gorky Park is famous for its kitsch use of western stereotypes of Russians, such as pseudo-traditional clothing, balalaika-like guitar design and the hammer and sickle as their logo. It was the first Russian band to be aired on MTV.
Martin Sean Indyk is a diplomat and foreign relations analyst with expertise in the Middle East. In addition to serving in academia and as adviser to political administrations, he was a distinguished fellow in International Diplomacy and later executive vice president at the Brookings Institution in Washington, D.C from 2001-2018. He took leave from the Brookings Institution to serve as the U.S. Special Envoy for Israeli–Palestinian Negotiations from 2013 to 2014. He is currently a distinguished fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations.
Loris Sven Karius is a German professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Liverpool. He represented Germany at youth level.
The Rumpi mouse shrew is a Myosoricinae shrew found only on the Rumpi Hills, Cameroon. It is listed as a critically endangered species due to habitat loss and a restricted range.
The John R. Oughton House, commonly known as The Lodge or the Keeley Estate, is a Victorian mansion located in the village of Dwight, Illinois, United States. The grounds remain mostly unchanged since the house was moved from its original site in 1894 and remodeled a year later. John R. Oughton occupied the house until his death in 1925, and in 1930, the house became a boarding home for patients of the internationally known Keeley Institute. The Keeley Institute was founded in 1879, in part by Oughton, and utilized a new form of treatment for alcoholism. The estate grounds feature two outbuildings, a carriage house and a windmill, as well as a pond. Since 1978, the Oughton House has been occupied by a private restaurant, but the windmill is owned by the Village of Dwight, and the carriage house is a public library. The Oughton House and its outbuildings were added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Cinqueux is a commune in the Oise department in northern France. The residents of Cinqueux are called Cinquatiens and Cinquatiennes. Cinqueux has a population of 1 541 as of 2016, an estimate from the National Institute of Statistics ad Economic Studies Insee.
Cheesecake is a sweet dessert consisting of one or more layers. The main, and thickest layer, consists of a mixture of soft, fresh cheese, eggs, and sugar. If there is a bottom layer, it often consists of a crust or base made from crushed cookies, graham crackers, pastry, or sometimes sponge cake. It may be baked or unbaked.
Sehestedt is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
The Holzberg is a small range of hills up to 444.5 m above sea level in south Lower Saxony, Germany.
Bird Island is a city on U.S. Route 212 in Renville County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,042 at the 2010 census.
The third USS Somers, a steel torpedo boat built as a private speculation by Friedrich Schichau, Elbing, Germany, was launched in 1897 as yard No. 450; purchased for the United States Navy on 25 March 1898; commissioned on 28 March 1898, Lieutenant John J. Knapp in command; and named Somers the next day.
The Vasco Live 2007 was the twenty concert tour by Italian recording artist, Vasco Rossi. The tour began in Latina, Lazio and traveled throughout Italy.
The Idaho Army National Guard is a component of the United States Army and the United States National Guard. Nationwide, the Army National Guard comprises approximately one half of the US Army's available combat forces and approximately one third of its support organization. National coordination of various state National Guard units are maintained through the National Guard Bureau.
Bowmont Water is a stream in the Scottish Borders and Northumberland, England.
"The Sai Kung District is one of the 18 districts of Hong Kong. Hong Kong itself is a special administrative region of China. The district comprises the southern half of Sai Kung Peninsula and Clear Water Bay Peninsula in the New Territories plus a strip to the east of Kowloon. It is made up of the Sai Kung Town, Sai Kung rural areas, Tseung Kwan O and over 70 islands of different sizes. The administrative centre was located in Sai Kung Town until recently, which the Sai Kung District Office was relocated to Tseung Kwan O. The district's population is concentrated in Tseung Kwan O, as of 2011. As of 2011, the district has the third youngest residents, with median age 39.3. Known as the ""back garden of Hong Kong"", Sai Kung has been able to retain its natural scenery, and where the Hong Kong Global Geopark is located. Behind the modern buildings, many traditional customs and cultures are still retained in the rural villages."
The 2020–21 KNVB Cup, for sponsoring reasons officially called the TOTO KNVB Beker, is the 103rd season of the annual Dutch national football cup competition. It will commence on 29 August 2020 with the first of two preliminary rounds and is scheduled to conclude on 18 April 2021 with the final played at De Kuip in Rotterdam.
Tainter Lake is a small reservoir in north central Dunn County, Wisconsin, on the Red Cedar River at its confluence with the Hay River. The lake was created by a hydroelectric dam downstream on the Red Cedar at Cedar Falls. The lake, a popular resort and fishing spot, has a surface area of approximately 2 square miles (5 km²).
David Ludovic George Hopetoun Carnegie, 11th Earl of Northesk was elected a Scottish representative peer. He was also a skeleton competitor who won a bronze medal at the 1928 Winter Olympics.
Burraneer is a small suburb in southern Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. Burraneer is 26 kilometres south of the Sydney central business district, in the local government area of the Sutherland Shire.
Saint Francis of Assisi in Ecstasy is a lost painting by El Greco. A c.1600 work in the collection of the Museo del Prado was once thought to be the work itself, but is now thought to be an anonymous 17th century copy of it, a work by one of his followers or a work from his studio.
Fritze Wulff Carstensen was a Danish freestyle swimmer. She won two European titles in 1947 and was part of the Danish 4×100 m relay team that won a silver medal at the 1948 Summer Olympics, where she placed seventh-eighth in her individual 100 m and 400 m events.
Leptomyrmex erythrocephalus is a species of ant in the genus Leptomyrmex. Described by Johan Christian Fabricius in 1775, the species is endemic to Australia.
Harp Township is one of thirteen townships in DeWitt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 311 and it contained 136 housing units.
Bothrocara brunneum, the twoline eelpout, is a benthic species of fish of the family Zoarcidae. The species is the only fish of the eelpouts to have two lateral lines and short blunt-ended gill rakers. The species has a wide range across the northeastern Pacific Ocean, between the Bering Sea and the shores of San Francisco, and from Attu Island to the Baja California Peninsula.
Tsu is the capital city of Mie Prefecture, Japan.
The Kimilsungist-Kimjongilist Youth League is a North Korean youth organization. It is the main youth organization in North Korea. Directly under the party Central Committee, it is the only mass organization expressly mentioned in the charter of the Workers' Party of Korea. Youth under 15 may join the Young Pioneer Corps, itself a part of the larger Korean Children's Union. The organization, modeled after the Komsomol in the former Soviet Union, includes all North Koreans without party membership between the ages of 15 and 30, although married women who opt to become housewives are transferred to the Socialist Women's Union.
Das Lied vom deutschen Vaterland, WAB 78, is a patriotic song composed by Anton Bruckner in c. 1845 during his stay in St. Florian.
Curculio sayi, the small chestnut weevil, is a species of true weevil in the family of beetles known as Curculionidae. It is found in North America.
Voissant is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
"Leati Joseph ""Joe"" Anoa'i better known by his ring name Roman Reigns is a professional wrestler in the WWE. He is a member of the Anoa'i family which is a renowned Samoan-American wrestling dynasty. He was a member of The Shield along with Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins, until group broke on Raw on the 2nd of June, 2014 before reuniting again in 2019."
The Malayan shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae. It is endemic to Malaysia. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Gjirokastër County is one of the 12 counties of Albania. The population at the 2011 census was 72,176, in an area of 2884 km². Its capital is the city Gjirokastër.
Varban Kilifarski was born in Harsovo, Bulgaria in 1879. He studied at the gymnasium in Razgrad. Of bourgeois origin, he discovered very young the anarchistic ideas. In 1893 he started his revolutionary activities as a member of a Macedonian Secret Revolutionary Committee. Later Kilifarski became a member of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization and a friend with Gotse Delchev. In 1907, together with Michail Gerdjikov, he founded the first periodic anarchistic newspaper in Bulgaria. In 1912 he moved to France and influenced by the experiments of Francisco Ferrer's Modern School, Kilifarski went back to Bulgaria and began constructing his own school, which had to be aborted when the Balkan war broke out in 1912. Antimilitarist, he marched to Switzerland, later to Paris, where he exerted like professor in “The Ruche”, of Sébastien Faure. With the declaration of the First World War in 1914, Kilifarski moved to Italy, returning to Bulgaria after the conflict ended. Kilifarski died in 1923 after a brief illness.
Jessamyn Waldman Rodriguez is a Canadian-American social entrepreneur. She is the founder and served as the Chief Executive Officer of Hot Bread Kitchen, a social enterprise bakery in East Harlem, New York City, that trains low-income and immigrant women in culinary and professional skills. The project has spun off HBK Incubates, a culinary incubator and support service for small culinary entrepreneurs. Rodriguez was named to Fortune magazine's 2015 list of the 20 Most Innovative Women in Food and Drink. She is the author of The Hot Bread Kitchen Cookbook: Artisanal Baking from Around the World, a bread-making book for home bakers.
The Toyota 2000GT is a limited-production, front-engine, rear-wheel-drive, two-seat, hardtop coupé grand tourer designed by Toyota in collaboration with Yamaha. First displayed to the public at the Tokyo Motor Show in 1965, the 2000GT was manufactured under contract by Yamaha between 1967 and 1970. A halo car for the automaker, in Japan it was exclusive to Toyota's Japanese retail sales channel called Toyota Store.
The Saint Petersburg State Youth Theatre on the Fontanka is a theatre on the banks of the River Fontanka in Saint Petersburg founded in 1980. It is one of the most popular theatres in Saint Petersburg.
Federal elections were held in Germany on 30 July 1878. The National Liberal Party remained the largest party in the Reichstag, with 99 of the 397 seats. Voter turnout was 63.4%.
"William Porcher Miles was among the ardent states' rights advocates, supporters of slavery, and Southern secessionists who came to be known as the ""Fire-Eaters."" He is notable for having designed the most popular variant of the Confederate flag, originally rejected as the national flag in 1861 but adopted as a battle flag by the Army of Northern Virginia under General Robert E. Lee before it was reincorporated.
Millville is a city in Cache County, Utah, United States. The population was 1,829 at the 2010 census, with an estimated population of 2,078 in 2018. It is included in the Logan, Utah-Idaho Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Karl Gorman Taylor Sr. was a United States Marine Corps staff sergeant who was killed in action during his second tour of duty in the Vietnam War. He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor, the nation's highest military decoration for valor, for his heroic actions on December 8, 1968.
The Harenna shrew is a white-toothed shrew found only in one location in the Bale Mountains in southern Ethiopia. It occurs within an area of less than ten square kilometres, and is listed as a critically endangered species, due to habitat loss and a restricted range.
Sir John Bennet Lawes, 1st Baronet, FRS was an English entrepreneur and agricultural scientist. He founded an experimental farm at his home at Rothamsted Manor that eventually became Rothamsted Research, where he developed a superphosphate that would mark the beginnings of the chemical fertilizer industry.
Great Borne is a fell in the English Lake District with a height of 616 m. It is a rather secluded hill situated at the western end of the long ridge which divides the Ennerdale and Buttermere valleys.
Le Perrier is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Monte Naranco is a mountain in Oviedo, Spain. The church Santa María del Naranco is situated on its slopes. It is also known as the finishing line for the bicycle races Subida al Naranco and Vuelta a España.
Ramrod Key is an island in the lower Florida Keys. Originally named Roberts Island, Ramrod Key was renamed for a ship named Ramrod, which was wrecked on a reef south of there in the early nineteenth century.
Southside Place is a city in west central Harris County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,715 at the 2010 census.
Erdmuthe of Brandenburg was a Princess of Brandenburg and by marriage Duchess of Pomerania.
Ujov is a village and municipality in Žár nad Sázavou District in the Vysoina Region of the Czech Republic.
Paekakariki railway station in Paekkriki on the Kapiti Coast, New Zealand is an intermediate station on the Kapiti Line for Metlink's electric multiple unit commuter trains from Wellington. Paekkriki was the terminal station of the commuter service from 1940 to 1983, when the service was extended to Paraparaumu, and to Waikanae in 2011.
Eddie from Ohio is an American folk band.
Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupré is a town in La Côte-de-Beaupré Regional County Municipality, Quebec, Canada, along the Saint Lawrence River, 35 kilometers north-east of Quebec City. The population was 2,803 according to the Canada 2006 Census. Major religious landmarks, the Basilica of Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupré and the Convent of the Redemptoristines, are located in the town. The basilica continues to attract pilgrims.
Ferdinand Maxmilian Brokoff was a sculptor and carver of the Baroque era.
Kfar Shamai is a moshav in northern Israel. Located in the Upper Galilee, about 1.9 miles west of Safed, it falls under the jurisdiction of Merom HaGalil Regional Council. In 2018 it had a population of 531.
Canoe marathon is a paddling sport in which athletes paddle a kayak or canoe over a long distance to the finish line. While the International Canoe Federation states the standard distances are up to 30 km, many races are significantly longer. Many events are raced down sections of river, including currents or portages around obstacles. Some events attract thousands of competitors and are staged over several days.
The Somnath temple located in Prabhas Patan near Veraval in Saurashtra on the western coast of Gujarat, India is believed to be the first among the twelve jyotirlinga shrines of Shiva. It is an important pilgrimage and tourist spot of Gujarat. Reconstructed several times in the past after repeated destruction by several invaders and rulers, the present temple was reconstructed in the Chaulukya style of Hindu temple architecture and completed in May 1951. The reconstruction was started under the orders of the Home Minister of India Vallabhbhai Patel and completed after his death.
Vice-Admiral P. Dean McFadden, CMM, CD is a retired officer of the Canadian Forces. He was Chief of the Maritime Staff from 2009 to 2011 and last to hold the post.
A Monument to the Death of an Idea is an EP by the band Enochian Theory.
Fontaine-lès-Clercs is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Vibha Saraf is an Indian singer-songwriter and Bollywood playback singer. She performs folk songs and writes and performs music for soundtracks, primarily Kashmiri folk-inspired songs. Her work has been featured on the soundtracks for the films Raazi, which went to win Best Film in the 64th Filmfare Awards, and Gully Boy, the fourth highest-grossing Bollywood film of 2019. In 2019, she was jointly nominated with Harshdeep Kaur for Best Female Playback Singer for the 65th Filmfare Awards and Best Female Playback Singer for the 20th International Indian Film Academy Awards for the song Dilbaro, from the 2018 drama thriller Raazi.
Tylösand is an urban area in the county of Halland in Sweden. It is in Halmstad Municipality. In the summertime, it is a well-known seaside resort.
Bartholomew Diggins was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of America's highest military decoration—the Medal of Honor—for actions in the American Civil War.
Llyn Fanod is an upland lake situated between Penuwch and Bontnewydd in Ceredigion, Wales. It is a Site of Special Scientific Interest partly owned by the Wildlife Trust of South and West Wales. Public access is via a bridlepath from the road. It is a mesotrophic lake located in the headwaters of the River Aeron, whose low nutrient waters are home to a number of locally rare water plants. Waterfowl and passing sea birds can be seen on the lake as can dragonflies, damselflies, and caddis flies in the summer.
Antony and Cleopatra is a 1913 Italian silent historical film directed by Enrico Guazzoni and starring Gianna Terribili-Gonzales, Amleto Novelli and Ignazio Lupi. The film is an adaptation of William Shakespeare's play of the same title, with inspiration also drawn from a poem by Pietro Cossa.
Discoceras is an extinct marine cephalopod mollusk, a member of the Trocholitidae in the Tarphycerida. It is distinct from Discosorus, It is characterized by closely coiled, gradually expanding shells with a subquadrate cross section, that may be ribbed or smooth. The sides are broadly rounded; the venter is wide and slightly rounded. The maximum width is slightly dorsal of the middle. The dorsum has a slight to moderate impression. The siphuncle starts off central for the first half whorl then becomes marginodorsal in the succeeding two whorls, then subdorsal at maturity. As with Trocholites, the dorsal siphuncle in Discoceras probably indicates an orientation during life that places the back of the living chamber high in the shell.
Andrés Framini was an Argentine labor leader and politician.
Killowen is a heritage-listed detached house at 86 Ward Street, The Range, Rockhampton, Rockhampton Region, Queensland, Australia. It was designed by Eaton & Bates and built from c. 1898 to c. 1920. It is also known as Boland Residence. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
Lagunillas Municipality is one of the 21 municipalities that make up Zulia State, Venezuela. There are about 170,000 inhabitants. The shire town is Ciudad Ojeda.
Pinus contorta, with the common names lodgepole pine and shore pine, and also known as twisted pine, and contorta pine, is a common tree in western North America. It is common near the ocean shore and in dry montane forests to the subalpine, but is rare in lowland rain forests. Like all pines, it is an evergreen conifer.
Gyonam-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Jongno-gu in Seoul, South Korea.
Azpeitia is a town and municipality within the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Basque Country of Spain, located on the Urola river a few kilometres east of Azkoitia. Its population is 14,580. It is located 41 kilometres southwest of Donostia/San Sebastián.
Nankin-machi is a neighborhood in Kobe, Japan located south of Motomachi station adjacent to the Daimaru Department Store and is a major tourist attraction. Considered as Kobe's Chinatown, the area has over a hundred Chinese restaurants, shops, and a Chinese temple dedicated to Guan Yu.
Sõmeru Parish was a rural municipality of Estonia, in Lääne-Viru County. It had a population of 3,885 and an area of 168.29 km².
Tsz Shan Monastery is a large Buddhist temple located in Tung Tsz, Tai Po District, Hong Kong. Within the Tsz Shan Monastery, an outdoor bronze Guanyin statue, 76 meters in height, is the second highest in the world.
The Red Army invasion of Armenia, also known as the Russian-Armenian war or Sovietization or Soviet invasion of Armenia, Soviet occupation of Armenia, was a military campaign carried out by the 11th Army of Soviet Russia from September to 29 November 1920 to install a new Soviet government in the First Republic of Armenia, a former territory of the Russian and Ottoman Empires. The invasion coincided with the anti-government insurrection staged by the local Armenian Bolsheviks in the capital, Yerevan, and other cities and populated place over the country. The invasion led to the dissolution of the First Republic of Armenia and the establishment of the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic.
HMS Dunkirk (D09) was a later or 1943 Battle-class fleet destroyer of the British Royal Navy. Though there were other ships of the Navy that had been named Dunkirk, as far back as the 1650s, it held added meaning after the evacuation from Dunkirk between late May and early June 1940, in which over 300,000 British, as well as French troops, were rescued by a ragtag fleet of ships.
The NFL Top 100 Players of 2014 was the fourth season in the series. It ended with reigning NFL MVP Peyton Manning being ranked No.1, while Super Bowl MVP Malcolm Smith was not ranked on the list.
Pilot crater is an impact crater in the Northwest Territories, Canada, just north of the Alberta border and near Fort Smith. It is 6 kilometres in diameter and the age is estimated to be 445 ± 2 million years.
Princess Gabriele of Leiningen, formerly Begum Inaara Aga Khan, also previously known as Princess Inaara Aga Khan, and was the second wife of the Aga Khan IV, the 49th Imam of the Nizari branch of the Shia Imami Ismaili Muslims; from May 1998 to March 2014, she held the title Begum Aga Khan.
Progress M-01M, identified by NASA as Progress 31P, was a Progress spacecraft used to resupply the International Space Station. It was the first flight of the Progress-M 11F615A60, which featured a TsVM-101 digital flight computer and MBITS digital telemetry system, in place of the earlier analogue systems. It was the first Progress-M 11F615A60 spacecraft, and had the serial number 401.
Ponthieva petiolata is a species of orchid native to Cuba and the Lesser Antilles.
Thomas P. Loughran, Jr. is an American physician-scientist who specializes in cancer research and treatment. He became director of the University of Virginia Cancer Center, F. Palmer Weber-Smithfield Foods Professor of Oncology Research and Professor of Medicine at the University of Virginia on August 15, 2013. Between 2003 and 2013, Loughran served as the founding director of the Penn State Hershey Cancer Institute and professor of medicine at the Penn State College of Medicine. His previous appointments included program leader of hematologic malignancies at the H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center & Research Institute at the University of South Florida, associate director of the Bone Marrow Transplant Program at SUNY Health Science Center and chief of hematology at the Syracuse Veteran’s Affairs Medical Center in Syracuse, N.Y. Loughran completed his fellowship in medical oncology in 1985 at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, Washington under direction of Nobel Laureate E. Donnall Thomas. He remained on faculty there for seven years. Loughran earned his medical degree from Hahnemann Medical School in Philadelphia in 1979.
Prunus 'Kanzan' is a flowering cherry cultivar. It was developed in the Edo period in Japan as a result of multiple interspecific hybrids based on the Oshima cherry.
Leanna Creel is an American actress, film producer, film director, screenwriter and photographer.
Trafford Bar is a tram stop on Greater Manchester's light rail system, Metrolink, at the junction of Talbot Road and Seymour Grove in Old Trafford. It opened on 15 June 1992 as part of Phase 1 of Metrolink's expansion, before which it was a mainline railway station.
Brendan Frederick Shanahan is a Canadian professional ice hockey executive and former player who currently serves as the president and alternate governor for the Toronto Maple Leafs, having previously served as the director of player safety for the National Hockey League. Originally drafted by the New Jersey Devils second overall in the 1987 NHL Entry Draft, Shanahan played in the NHL with the New Jersey Devils, St. Louis Blues, Hartford Whalers, Detroit Red Wings, and New York Rangers.
Elijah Craig is a premium and super-premium brand of bourbon whiskey produced in Kentucky by Heaven Hill Distilleries. The brand is sold as a straight bourbon, typically in 750 mL glass bottles.
Bluffton, originally known as Shannon, is a village in Allen and Hancock counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 4,125 at the 2010 census. Bluffton is home to Bluffton University, a four-year educational institution affiliated with Mennonite Church USA. Bluffton is served by the Bluffton general aviation airport. Bluffton participates in the Tree City USA program.
Avarice and Lust is a sculpture by French artist Auguste Rodin, conceived between 1885-1887, representing two of the seven capital sins and is part of his sculptural group The Gates of Hell, where it can be found in the lower part of the right door. It's possible that the name was inspired by Victor Hugo's poem After reading Dante:
Wak Chan Kawiil, also known as Double Bird, was an ajaw of the Maya city of Tikal. He took the throne on December 27, 537 and reigning probably until his death. He was son of Chak Tok Ichaak II and Lady Hand. He sponsored accession of Yajaw Te Kinich II, ruler of Caracol in 553. The monument associated with Wak Chan Kawiil is Stelae 17.
Nassau is a lunar impact crater on the Moon's far side. It abuts against the northeastern rim of the figure-8-shaped crater Van de Graaff. To the southeast of Nassau lies the crater Leeuwenhoek, and to the east is Orlov.
Baby is an Italian teen drama web television series created for Netflix. The first season debuted on 30 November 2018. The series follows students at an elite high school in Rome who engage in prostitution. It is loosely based on the story of two high school girls in Rome involved in an underage prostitution ring in 2014.
The Randall Museum is a museum in central San Francisco, California, owned and operated by the San Francisco Recreation & Parks Department with the support of the Randall Friends. The museum focuses on science, nature and the arts. On exhibit are live native and domestic animals and interactive displays about nature. Other facilities include a theater, a wood shop, and art and ceramics studios.
Dracula simia, called also monkey orchid or the monkey-like Dracula, is an epiphytic orchid originally described in the genus Masdevallia, but later moved to the genus Dracula. The arrangement of column, petals and lip strongly resembles a monkey's face. The plant blooms at any season with several flowers on the inflorescence that open successively. Flowers are fragrant with the scent of a ripe orange.
Podmokly is a village and municipality in Rokycany District in the Plze Region of the Czech Republic.
Grove House is a former inn, school, house and orphanage on Skipton Road, Harrogate in North Yorkshire. Built in 1745–54 as World's End Inn, it was later greatly expanded as the home of the prominent inventor Samson Fox. It was the first house in Yorkshire to have lighting by water gas. It is Grade II* listed on the National Heritage List for England.
The chief of the National Guard Bureau is the highest-ranking officer of the United States National Guard and the head of the National Guard Bureau. The position is a statutory office, held by a federally recognized commissioned officer who has served at least 10 years of federally recognized active duty in the National Guard; the Army National Guard or the Air National Guard. In a separate capacity as a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Chief is a military adviser to the National Security Council, the Homeland Security Council, the secretary of defense, and the president on matters pertaining to the National Guard.
Wall Centre is a development in Vancouver, British Columbia consisting of three towers which contain the Sheraton Vancouver Wall Centre Hotel, as well as condominiums. It is owned by Wall Financial Corporation and was largely the vision of Peter Wall. The complex covers an entire city block, and has a large public garden.
"The BMW 3/15 was BMW's first car, produced in its first version as a ""Dixi"" between 1927 and 1929 and then, following BMW's acquisition of the Dixi business in October 1928, in three subsequent versions as BMWs from July 1929 till March 1932, when BMW gave up the licence under which the Austin designed cars were produced.
Itaúna is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil.
"Mihály András Vajda is a Hungarian leftist intellectual who took part in the debates surrounding the development of national socialism, Marxism–Leninism, and the state of capitalism in the latter half of the 20th century. Involved in politics in his home country of Hungary, Vajda was expelled along with several other scholars from the Hungarian Socialist Workers Party in 1973 due to allegedly representing views that were ""opposed to Marxism–Leninism and to the policy of the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party."" Vajda was one of the original members of Georg Lukács's ""Budapest School"", Hungarian theorists who began as neo-Marxists but moved on to what they called post-Marxist and also post-modern perspectives. Writing primarily in Hungarian, but with many works translated into English, Vajda's works treat such themes as the past and future of state socialism in Europe and fascism as a mass phenomenon. Vajda continues to draw, like other members of the original Budapest School, from a Marxist legacy in seeking to examine the state of contemporary liberal society."
Vanceboro is a town in Craven County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,005 at the 2010 Census. Originally called Swift Creek, residents renamed the town for Zebulon B. Vance after he made a visit during his 1876 campaign for Governor. It is part of the New Bern, North Carolina Micropolitan Statistical Area.
"Nyanda Janelle Thorbourne, better known by her stage name/mononym Nyanda, is a Jamaican-American recording artist and songwriter from Kingston, Jamaica. Nyanda is a member of the R&B/reggae duo Brick & Lace whose debut album, Love Is Wicked, was released through Geffen / Kon Live in 2007 and featured the chart-topping single ""Love Is Wicked"".
The Nilgiri Malabar Battalion was an Auxiliary Force of the British Colonial Auxiliary Forces of the British Indian Army, composed of Eurasians/Anglo-Indians. Enrollment in the Auxiliary Force was open to all European British subjects and to persons of European descent. After the Mutiny of 1857, a Volunteer Force was created, whose primary function was to protect British families in India. The Volunteer Force units were later absorbed into the Auxiliary Force India, which was created in 1920 for internal security duties. Its terms of service were similar to the Territorial Army of the UK. The Auxiliary Force India, which provided officers to the Army during World War II, was disbanded in 1947.
Bordentown is a city in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city's population was 3,924. The population declined by 45 from the 3,969 counted in the 2000 U.S. Census, which had in turn declined by 372 from the 4,341 counted in the 1990 Census.
The Sports Federation Union of Catalonia, generally known by its acronym UFEC is a private and non-profit sports association founded in 1933 under the name of the Catalan Union of Sports Federations and restored in 1985 by the Generalitat of Catalonia. Its mission is to coordinate and grow the Catalan sports federations. Its headquarters are in Barcelona, Spain.
"The Shaw Centre for the Salish Sea is a not-for-profit aquarium and cultural learning centre that focuses on the ecosystem of the Salish Sea and is located in the Sidney Pier Building on the waterfront in the Vancouver Island town of Sidney, Canada, in the Greater Victoria region. Since its grand opening on June 20, 2009, the Shaw Centre for the Salish Sea has quickly become a highly regarded environmental education centre and popular attraction with locals and tourists alike. The centre has won numerous awards including being named ""One of Canada's Top Ten New Attractions"" for summer 2009 by Where magazine."
Yonhap News Agency is a South Korean news agency. It is a government-funded company, based in Seoul, South Korea. Yonhap provides news articles, pictures and other information to newspapers, TV networks and other media in South Korea.
The Embassy of Lebanon in Ottawa is Lebanon's embassy in Canada. It is located at 640 Lyon Street in Ottawa, the Canadian capital.
Avroult is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.
Gröden is a municipality in the Elbe-Elster district, in Brandenburg, Germany.
Abdulla Maxsumovich Xolmuhamedov was a Uzbek general who has served as the Commander of the Uzbekistan Air and Air Defence Forces from 2003 to 2008.
Fossil is a city in and the county seat of Wheeler County, Oregon, United States. The name was chosen by the first postmaster, Thomas B. Hoover, who had found some fossil remains on his ranch. The population was 473 at the 2010 census.
Rolling Prairie is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Kankakee Township, LaPorte County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 582.
The scribble-tailed canastero is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae.
Edith Clara Summerskill, Baroness Summerskill CH PC, was a British physician, feminist, Labour politician and writer. She was appointed to the Privy Council in 1949.
Dantons Tod is an opera by Gottfried von Einem to a libretto by Boris Blacher and Gottfried von Einem after Georg Büchner's 1835 play of the same name. Its first performance took place in Salzburg on 6 August 1947. It was revised in 1955.
Sassafras tzumu is a species of Sassafras native to China, in Anhui, Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi, Guizhou, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangsu, Sichuan, Yunnan and Zhejiang. It grows in either sparse or dense forests habitat types, at altitudes of 100–1900 meters.
The Samuel Kraemer Building, in Anaheim, California, was built in 1924-1925 by Samuel Kraemer.
Jean-Guy Andre Trudel is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger. He played five games in the National Hockey League with the Phoenix Coyotes and the Minnesota Wild. Trudel is currently the head coach of the Peoria Rivermen in the Southern Professional Hockey League. He is also in charge of the Peoria Youth Hockey Association.
The 47th (London) Infantry Division was an infantry division of the British Army that was formed during the Second World War and remained in the United Kingdom until the end of the war. In March 1939, after the re-emergence of Germany as a significant military power and its occupation of Czechoslovakia, the British Army increased the number of divisions in the Territorial Army by duplicating existing units. The 2nd London Division was formed in August 1939 as a second-line duplicate of the 1st London Division; its battalions were all initially London-based.
Medford is a city 6.7 miles northwest of downtown Boston on the Mystic River in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. In the 2010 U.S. Census, Medford's population was 56,173. It is home to Tufts University, which has its campus along the Medford and Somerville border. In 2019, Medford's population grew to 57,341 residents.
Anne-Marie Garat is a French novelist. She won the Prix Femina for her novel Aden in 1992 and the prix Marguerite Audoux for her novel Les mal famées.
The 2000 United States Senate elections were held on November 7, 2000. The elections coincided with other federal and state elections, including the presidential election which was won by Republican George W. Bush. It featured a number of fiercely contested elections that resulted in a victory for the Democratic Party, which gained a net total of four seats from the Republican Party. This election marked the first election year since 1990 where Democrats made net gains in the Senate.
The 1905 Grand National was the 67th renewal of the Grand National horse race that took place at Aintree Racecourse near Liverpool, England, on 31 March 1905.
Pelgulinn is a subdistrict of Põhja-Tallinn in Tallinn, the capital of Estonia. It is located about 2 km northwest from the city centre. Pelgulinn borders Kalamaja to the east, Kelmiküla to the southeast, Lilleküla to the south, Merimetsa to the west, Pelguranna to the northwest, and Karjamaa to the north. Subdistrict has a population of 15,949.
Eugene Philip Amano is a former American football offensive lineman. Playing for the Tennessee Titans from 2004 to 2013 as both a center and guard, he replaced eight-time All-Pro selection Kevin Mawae as starting center in 2010. Amano is one of three NFL players to be born in the Philippines, along with Tim Tebow and Fred Jones.
Kennett is a city in, and the county seat of, Dunklin County, Missouri, United States. The city is located in the southeast corner of Missouri, 4 miles east of Arkansas and 20 miles from the Mississippi River. It has a population of 10,932 according to the 2010 Census. Kennett is the largest city in the Bootheel, a mostly agricultural area.
The Torrington Main Post Office in Torrington, Wyoming was built in 1932 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Torrington was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.
Jessica Rosemary Shepherd FLS is a British botanical artist, publisher and botanist who practices under the alias of Inky Leaves.
Talune has been the name of three vessels.
The Shillelagh branch line was a branch line of some 16.5 miles to Shillelagh, County Wicklow opened by the Dublin, Wicklow and Wexford Railway in 1865. It joined the Dublin–Rosslare railway line at Woodenbridge halt.
Acantholimon libanoticum is a plant in the family Plumbaginaceae first described by Pierre Edmond Boissier. It is native to Western Asia from Turkey to Syria and Lebanon.
Anju Jadhav is an Indian television and film actress.
South Dakota Highway 21 is a 9.470-mile state highway in south-central Hamlin Countym South Dakota, that connects Lake Norden and Hayti.
The Sun Ning Railway Company, also known as the Sunning Railway Co. or the Xinning Railway Co., was a standard-gauge railway in the Pearl River Delta in Guangdong Province founded in 1906 by Chin Gee Hee and Yu Shek. It was South China's second railway and one of only three railways in pre-1949 China built solely with private Chinese capital. It was destroyed during the Second World War to prevent its use by the Japanese.
The Portuguese Catholic diocese of Vila Real has existed since 1922. In that year it was formed from territories in the diocese of Bragança-Miranda, archdiocese of Braga, and diocese of Lamego. It is a suffragan of the archdiocese of Braga, in the Norte region, with its see at the Cathedral of Vila Real.
Auriébat is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France.
The spinner dolphin is a small dolphin found in off-shore tropical waters around the world. It is famous for its acrobatic displays in which it spins along its longitudinal axis as it leaps through the air. It is a member of the family Delphinidae of toothed whales.
Korma or Qorma is a dish originating in the Indian subcontinent, consisting of meat or vegetables braised with yogurt or cream, water or stock, and spices to produce a thick sauce or glaze.
"Tristan Casara, known by his stage name The Avener, is a French deep house and electro music producer, born in Nice. He is best known for his 2014 single ""Fade Out Lines"", a deep house rework of ""The Fade Out Line"", a song by Phoebe Killdeer & The Short Straws."
Margaret Chan Fung Fu-chun, OBE, JP, FRCP is a Chinese-Canadian physician, who served as the Director-General of the World Health Organization delegating the People's Republic of China for 2006–2017. Chan has previously served as Director of Health in the Hong Kong Government, representative of the WHO Director-General for Pandemic Influenza and WHO Assistant Director-General for Communicable Diseases. In 2014, Forbes ranked her as the 30th most powerful woman in the world. In early 2018 she joined the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
"The 2009–10 Australian region cyclone season was a below average tropical cyclone season, with eight tropical cyclones forming compared to an average of 12. The season began on 1 November 2009 and ran through until it end on 30 April 2010. The Australian region is defined as being to south of the equator, between the 90th meridian east and 160th meridian east. Tropical cyclones in this area are monitored by five Tropical Cyclone Warning Centres: Jakarta, Port Moresby, Perth, Darwin, and Brisbane, each of which have the power to name a tropical cyclone. The TCWC's in Perth, Darwin, and Brisbane are run by the Australian Bureau of Meteorology, who designate significant tropical lows with a number and the U suffix. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center also issues unofficial warnings for the region, designating significant tropical cyclones with the ""S"" suffix when they form west of 135°E, and the ""P"" suffix when they form east of 135°E.
Space Launch Complex 4 is a launch and landing site at Vandenberg Air Force Base with two pads, both of which are used by SpaceX for Falcon 9 launch operations; operating as Landing Zone 4 for SpaceX landings.
Coesfeld Station is the main railway station of the town of Coesfeld and an important transport hub in western Münsterland in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It is a junction station on the Dortmund–Enschede, Dorsten-Coesfeld and Empel-Rees–Münster lines.
The Martin T4M was an American torpedo bomber of the 1920s. A development by the Glenn L. Martin Company of their earlier Martin T3M, and, like it a single-engined biplane, the T4M served as the standard torpedo bomber aboard the aircraft carriers of the United States Navy through much of the 1930s.
The Compagnies Franches de la Marine were
Dordives is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Frechinia is a genus of moths of the family Crambidae.
Drenica, also known as the Drenica Valley, is a hilly region in central Kosovo, covering roughly around 700 square kilometres of Kosovo's total area. It consists of two municipalities, Glogovac and Skenderaj, and several villages in Klina, Kërligatë village in Zubin Potok, Mitrovica and the area of Vuitrn. It is located west of the capital, Pristina.
Cyclemys enigmatica, tentatively dubbed as the enigmatic leaf turtle, is a species of Asian leaf turtle found in the Greater Sunda Islands.
Serai Quarter, sometimes called Serai Quarters, is a neighborhood in central Karachi, Pakistan that forms much of its historic central business district. In addition to Karachi's financial centre centered on Serai Quarter's I. I. Chundrigar Road, Serai Quarter contains over 200 historic buildings, which make up about 37% of all building plots in the quarter. Of these, 78 are protected by the Sindh Cultural Heritage Preservation Act of 1994.
"Lopikerkapel is a town in the Dutch province of Utrecht. It is a part of the municipality of Lopik, and lies about 3 km south of IJsselstein. The village has a very small town centre, with a church, but mostly consists of a ribbon of farms on both sides of the Enge IJssel river. The name Lopikerkapel means ""Lopik's chapel"".
"Rock Island State Park is a state park of the state of Wisconsin, in the United States, located on Rock Island in Lake Michigan off the tip of the Door Peninsula. The only public transportation to the island is by the passenger ferry Karfi from Washington Island. However, there is mooring and dock space for people with their own boats, and during winter the island is accessible via snowmobile and foot traffic. No ""wheeled vehicles"" are allowed to be brought onto the island by visitors, although park staff use them routinely."
Saas-Grund is a municipality in the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. It lies east of Lenzspitze and Dom.
Newport is a village in Rock County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 97 at the 2010 census.
Boone County is a county in the U.S. state of West Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 24,629. Its county seat is Madison. Boone County is part of the Charleston, WV Metropolitan Statistical Area. Leading industries and chief agricultural products in Boone County include coal, lumber, natural gas, tobacco, and strawberries.
Arnett is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is the county seat of Ellis County.
Gürsel Aksel Sports and Healthy Life Center, colloquially known as Gürsel Aksel Stadium is an football stadium, located in Üçkuyular, Göztepe neighbourhood of Konak district of Izmir, Turkey. The stadium is the home ground of Izmir-based sports club Göztepe S.K..
The Eleven Point National Wild and Scenic River is a 44-mile stretch of the spring-fed Eleven Point River in the Ozarks of southern Missouri set aside through eminent domain for preservation by Congress in 1968. The designated part of the river stretches from Thomasville to State Highway 142. The river was included in the original proposal for the Ozark National Scenic Riverways, but it was ultimately excluded when the Riverways were designated on the Current and Jacks Fork rivers in 1964.
Jeremy Michael Hall is a Puerto Rican professional soccer player who last played for USL Championship club Sacramento Republic and the Puerto Rico national team.
Jejuri is a city and a municipal council in Pune district in the Indian state of Maharashtra. It is famous for the main temple of Lord Khandoba. It is a famous temple town being the family deity of many houses in Maharashtra and Karnataka. Its economy is centered on businesses catering to the numerous devotees coming to worship the Khandoba Temple there. Recently the increase in property rates and the planning of an international airport near the town has seen a spurt of development happening there.
The Rock am Ring and Rock im Park festivals are two simultaneous rock music festivals held annually. While Rock am Ring takes place at the Nürburgring race track, Rock im Park takes place at the Zeppelinfeld in Nürnberg.
Lam Woon-kwong GBS JP is a Hong Kong politician and civil servant. He has worked as Convenor of the Executive Council and Chairperson of the Equal Opportunities Commission.
The shaft-tailed whydah or queen whydah is a small, sparrow-like bird in the genus Vidua. During the breeding season the male has black crown and upper body plumage, golden breast and four elongated black tail shaft feathers with expanded tips. After the breeding season is over, the male sheds its long tail and grows olive brown female-like plumage.
Antiguo Cuscatlán, is a municipality in the La Libertad department of El Salvador, and its eastern tip lays in San Salvador Department part of the Metropolitan Area of San Salvador, southwest of San Salvador and southeast of Santa Tecla. The population was 48,027 at the 2010 census. Antiguo Cuscatlán can be translated as Old Jeweled City: Antiguo means ancient or old in Spanish, and Cuscatlán means jeweled city in Nahuat. The city used to be the capital of the Pipil or Cuzcatecs, before the Spanish conquest of the New World.
Justin Todd Coffey is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball for the Cincinnati Reds, Milwaukee Brewers, Washington Nationals and Los Angeles Dodgers. He was born in Forest City, North Carolina.
San Sebastián de Mariquita is a town and municipality in the Tolima department of Colombia, about 150 km northwest of Bogotá. This town and municipality contains several important Spanish settlements that were located here due to its vicinity to the Magdalena River. Today, Mariquita is frequented by tourists from the capital visiting attractions like the Medina Waterfalls and the mint. The Spanish conquistador Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada is buried there. Today it is home to large hotels and haciendas, among them Villa de los Caballeros.
"Higashisaka is a city located in Osaka Prefecture, Japan. The city is known as one of the industrial cities of Japan and ""the rugby football town"".
Salamaua was a small town situated on the northeastern coastline of Papua New Guinea, in Salamaua Rural LLG, Morobe province. The settlement was built on a minor isthmus between the coast with mountains on the inland side and a headland. The closest city is Lae, which can be reached only via boat across the gulf.
Braggs is a town in Muskogee County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 259 at the 2010 census, a 14.0 percent decline from 301 at the 2000 census. The town is best known as the site of Camp Gruber, a World War II military cantonment that was the home base of the 42nd Infantry Division and the 88th Infantry Division.
Ossi Louhivaara is a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He is currently signed with JYP Jyväskylä.
"The Manassas City Police Department is the primary law enforcement agency servicing 37,821 people living in City of Manassas, VA. Located at 9518 Fairview Avenue, the Manassas City Police Department serves a jurisdiction of approximately 10.0 square miles. In 2008, the department employed 90 sworn police officers, 12 unsworn police officers. On July 9, 2014, Manassas City Police Department became newsworthy after a local teenager sent explicit photos of herself to her then boyfriend who in return sent explicit video of himself to the teen. When the female teenager's mother complained, the MCPD officials held a warrant to chemically induce an erection in the boy and photograph the boy's penis purportedly to compare/measure it with help from a special ""Homeland Security software"" according to MCPD Detective David E. Abbott."
Alison Kinnaird MBE, MA, FGE is a glass sculptor, Celtic musician, teacher and writer born in Edinburgh, Scotland in 1949. She is one of the foremost and most original modern glass engravers in Scotland.
"The sphinx blenny is a species of combtooth blenny, and the only species in the genus Aidablennius. It was described by Achille Valenciennes in 1836, originally under the genus Blennius, and was later reassigned under ""Aidablennius"" by Gilbert Percy Whitley in 1947. It is a subtropical blenny known from Morocco, in the eastern Atlantic Ocean, and also from the Mediterranean and Black Seas. Sphinx blennies inhabit shallow, rocky waters in the littoral zone, with sunlight exposure. They feed primarily on benthic algae, weeds and invertebrates. Sphinx blennies can measure up to 8 centimetres long in total length."
Eragrostis pectinacea is a species of grass known by the common name tufted lovegrass. This plant is native to the Americas from Canada to Argentina. It is widespread, growing in most open spaces at varying elevations and habitats, including in disturbed areas and roadsides.
El Rancho is a census-designated place in Santa Fe County, New Mexico, United States. It is part of the Santa Fe, New Mexico Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,199 at the 2010 census.
Francis Charles of Saxe-Lauenburg was a prince of Saxe-Lauenburg and a general during the Thirty Years' War.
Alireza Safar Beiranvand is an Iranian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Belgian First Division A club Royal Antwerp and the Iran national team. Beiranvand represented Iran internationally at the 2015 and 2019 AFC Asian Cups, and at the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Director General of Fair Trading v First National Bank plc [2001] UKHL 52 is the leading case on the Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1999. It was an action to test the fairness of clauses in loan agreements which secured a bank's commercial interest rates after a debtor that had defaulted and they had been to court to determine their repayment scheme. The House of Lords held that the clause did not fall within the ambit of reg 6 and that it was valid in accordance with the fairness test. The case was brought by the Director General of Fair Trading on behalf of consumers.
Titan-Barrikady is a military-industrial company based in Volgograd, Russia. It was formed in 1914, after the merger between the Barrikady Production Association and the Titan Design Bureau. It is a subsidiary of the Moscow Institute of Thermal Technology.
The Shire of Winton is a local government area in Central West Queensland, Australia. It covers an area of 53,814 square kilometres, and has existed as a local government entity since 1887. Its administrative centre is located in the town of Winton. It is named after Winton, Dorset, England, the birthplace of Robert Allen, the first white settler in the Winton area.
The Trnava is a river in northern Croatia, a right tributary of the Mura River and the last significant one to flow into Mura before its confluence with Drava. It flows through Meimurje County.
Coelophysis rhodesiensis is an extinct species of coelophysid theropod dinosaur that lived approximately 188 million years ago during the early part of the Jurassic Period in what is now Africa. The species was a small to medium-sized, lightly built, ground-dwelling, bipedal carnivore, that could grow up to 3 m long. It was formerly called Syntarsus, but that name was already taken by a beetle, and was subsequently given the name Megapnosaurus by Ivie, lipiski & Wgrzynowicz, in 2001, though many subsequent studies have classified it in the genus Coelophysis.
Taubenberg is a mountain with a height of 896 m amsl and area of 1847 ha in the Warngau municipality in the district of Miesbach in Bavaria, Germany. It is set apart from the Tegernsee mountains of the Bavarian Prealps. It is a popular hiking destination and the most important water supply area of the Bavarian capital Munich. About two-thirds of the mountain is owned by the city of Munich, the rest is freehold of local farmers and foresters.
German submarine U-534 is a Type IXC/40 U-boat of Germany's Kriegsmarine built for service during World War II. She was built in 1942 in Hamburg-Finkenwerder by Deutsche Werft AG as yard number 352. She was launched on 23 September 1942 and commissioned on 23 December with Oberleutnant zur See Herbert Nollau in command.
The Northwestern Congolian lowland forests is a tropical moist broadleaf forest ecoregion that spans Cameroon, Gabon, the Republic of Congo, and the Central African Republic. It forms part of the larger Congolian rainforests region in Central Africa.
Hermin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
SCEGGS Darlinghurst is an independent Anglican single-sex primary and secondary day and boarding school for girls, located in Darlinghurst, an inner-city, eastern suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Wu Zetian, was the first female monarch of China. She ruled under the name of her self-proclaimed Zhou Dynasty, from 690 to 705. She had previously been a member of the Tang Dynasty. Wu was a concubine of Emperor Taizong. After his death, she married his successor and 9th son, Emperor Gaozong in 655. After Gaozong's stroke in 660, Wu Zetian ruled as effective sovereign until 705. She is the only woman to have ruled China in her own right.
Argentine Township is a general law township of Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the township population was 6,913, up from 6,521 at the 2000 census.
The Casio ClassPad 300, ClassPad 330 and fx-CP400 are stylus based touch-screen graphing calculators. The ClassPad comes with a collection of applications that support self-study, like 3D Graph, Geometry, eActivity, Spreadsheet, etc. A large 160x240 pixel LCD touch screen enables stylus-based operation. The ClassPad resembles Casio's earlier Pocket Viewer line. HP and Texas Instruments attempted to release similar pen based calculators
Artyom Sergeyevich Serdyuk is a Russian professional football player. He plays for Slutsk in the Belarusian Premier League.
This page documents the tornadoes and tornado outbreaks of 1990, primarily in the United States. Most tornadoes form in the U.S., although some events may take place internationally. Tornado statistics for older years like this often appear significantly lower than modern years due to fewer reports or confirmed tornadoes, however by the 1990s tornado statistics were coming closer to the numbers we see today.
Bormio is a town and comune with a population of about 4,100 located in the Province of Sondrio, Lombardy region of the Alps in northern Italy.
Sinistrin is a naturally occurring sugar polymer or polysaccharide, also known as polyfructosane. It belongs to the fructan group, like inulin. As it is the case with similar substances, such as fructans or inulin, sinistrin acts as an energy storage molecule in plants.
The Magirus-Deutz Muni is a fire-fighting vehicle from Germany. Which was produced by the Ulmer commercial vehicle manufacturer Magirus-Deutz in only 6 pieces
Muzeum Tšínska is a regional museum in eský Tšín, Czech Republic. It focuses on the history and traditions of the region of Cieszyn Silesia. The museum was founded in 1948 by teacher Ladislav Báa.
Nagaoka is a city located in Niigata Prefecture, Japan. It is the second largest city in the prefecture, after the capital city of Niigata. As of 12 October 2018, the city had an estimated population of 271,444 in 107,374 households and a population density of 300 inhabitants per square kilometre. The total area of the city was 891.06 square kilometres.
The Response boat - Small II, also known as RB-S II, is a small vessel in service in the US Coast Guard. The boats perform a variety of missions such has PWCS, law enforcement, counter narcotics operations, search and rescue, migrant interdiction, and environmental response operations.
Dromasaurs are a paraphyletic group of anomodont therapsids from the Middle Permian. They were small with slender legs and long tails. Their skulls were short, but the eye sockets were large. Dromasauria was once considered to be a major group of basal anomodonts along with the infraorder Venyukovioidea. It includes the genera Galepus, Galechirus, and Galeops, all from southern Africa. Below is a cladogram based on Modesto and Rubidge, Liu et al. and Cisneros et al.:
Spinning Dragons is a Gerstlauer spinning roller coaster at Worlds of Fun amusement park, Kansas City, Missouri. It was the second ride of its kind in the world after the Fairly Odd Coaster. The ride was built in the Orient area of the park in 2004 following the retirement of the Orient Express. The ride was installed by Ride Entertainment Group, who handles all of Gerstlauer's operations in the Western Hemisphere.
The Sarphatipark is a public urban park located in the stadsdeel Amsterdam Oud-Zuid in Amsterdam, Netherlands. The park is named after Samuel Sarphati.
Institut auf dem Rosenberg is a private, international boarding school located in St. Gallen, Switzerland. Established in 1889, it is one of the oldest and leading international schools for students aged 6-19 years in Switzerland. The school is located very close to Lake Constance on one side and the Alpstein mountains on the other side.
SMS Olga was the second member of the Carola class of steam corvettes built for the German Kaiserliche Marine in the 1880s. Intended for service in the German colonial empire, the ship was designed with a combination of steam and sail power for extended range, and was equipped with a battery of ten 15-centimeter guns. Olga was laid down at the AG Vulcan in Stettin in 1879, she was launched in December 1880, and she was completed in January 1882.
Chapman Township is one of eleven townships in Merrick County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 585 at the 2000 census. A 2006 estimate placed the township's population at 569.
Plestiodon anthracinus, the coal skink, is a species of lizard which is endemic to North America.
Nicole Hoevertsz OLY is a former synchronized swimmer from Aruba formerly part of the Netherlands Antilles. She competed in the women's duet competitions.
Pionersky Radar Station is an early warning radar station near Pionersky in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia. It is a key part of the Russian early warning system against missile attacks and is run by the Russian Aerospace Defence Forces.
"Brookhaven Calabro Airport is a public airport located one mile north of the central business district of Shirley, in Suffolk County, New York, United States. This airport is publicly owned by the Town of Brookhaven. The airport contact information, description, list of fixed-base operators and other tenants is maintained on the Town of Brookhaven's webpage for the Division of Aviation / Department of General Services.""Brookhaven Calabro Airport"".
The 1st constituency of Haute-Saône is a French legislative constituency in the Haute-Saône département.
The 872d Bombardment Squadron is the former name of the 872d Air Expeditionary Squadron, a provisional unit of the United States Air Force. It is assigned to United States Air Forces Europe to activate or inactivate as needed.
Xavier Sigalon was a French painter.
Chimonanthus praecox, also known as wintersweet or Japanese allspice, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Chimonanthus of the family Calycanthaceae, native to China. The plant is known as làméi in Chinese, rbai in Japanese, and Korean: Nab Mae; Hanja:  in Korean.
Viiratsi Parish was a rural municipality of Estonia, in Viljandi County.
Callabo is a barrio in the municipality of Juana Díaz, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 2,237.
The 339th Fighter Group was a unit of the United States Air Forces during World War II. It comprised the 503rd, 504th, and 505th Fighter Squadrons.
"Richard Moser is a fictional character from the police drama television series Inspector Rex, which airs on ORF and Sat.1 in the Austria. The character was created by series' producer Peter Hajek and Peter Moser, and is portrayed by actor Tobias Moretti.The first ""team leader"", Richard ""Richie"" Moser is a hard-bitten cop who, as the first season begins, is going through a bitter divorce from his wife Gina, who takes all their furniture. Moser is also attempting to quit smoking, due to medical problems to do with his circulation. An ex-truck driver, Moser credits Max Koch with keeping him from a life of crime, at one point telling Koch that ""I'd be on the wrong side of the law too, just like him"", referring to a young pickpocket he has just chased through central Vienna.
The 1885 United Kingdom general election was held from 24 November to 18 December 1885. This was the first general election after an extension of the franchise and redistribution of seats. For the first time a majority of adult males could vote and most constituencies by law returned a single member to Parliament fulfilling one of the ideals of Chartism to provide direct single-member, single-electorate accountability. It saw the Liberals, led by William Ewart Gladstone, win the most seats, but not an overall majority. As the Irish Nationalists held the balance of power between them and the Conservatives who sat with an increasing number of allied Unionist MPs, this exacerbated divisions within the Liberals over Irish Home Rule and led to a Liberal split and another general election the following year.
J. Eastburn Barn is a historic barn located near Newark, New Castle County, Delaware. It was built about 1809, and is a bi-level, stone structure with a frame front wall and a recessed stable wall. It is constructed of light-colored fieldstone with large, roughly dressed, rectangular fieldstone quoins. The barn measures 37 feet by 52 feet.
"Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson, known professionally as Katy Perry, is an American singer, songwriter and television judge. She has released five studio albums and two EPs. In 2001, she released a Christian album named after herself, Katy Hudson. In November 2007, Perry released the music video for her first single, ""Ur So Gay"". She has a contralto vocal range. Perry became the most-followed person on Twitter in November 2013. She has earned nine number-one singles on the Billboard Hot 100, five of which are from one album. Perry has also been nominated for 11 Grammy Awards."
Andrea Beltratti is professor at Bocconi University, director of the Executive Master in Finance - EMF at SDA Bocconi School of Management and Chairman of Eurizon Capital. He has been Chairman of the Management Board of Intesa Sanpaolo until May 2013.
Martin Schultz House is a historic home located at Hallam, York County, Pennsylvania. It was built about 1736, and is a 1 1/2-story, rectangular blue limestone early Germanic dwelling built into a hillside. It measures 30 feet by 50 feet and has a steeply pitched roof with gable dormers. It was restored between 1956 and 1960.
"Gatineau is a federal electoral district in Quebec, Canada, represented in the House of Commons of Canada from since 1949. Between 1987 and 1996, it was known as ""Gatineau—La Lièvre"".
Sara Holt is an American sculptor and photographer. She is creating mainly in sculpture and photography and more recently in ceramics. She is one of the contemporary artists whose work helps to refine the field of creation situated within the boundaries of science and art.
"Hafþór Júlíus Björnsson is an Icelandic former professional strongman and actor. He is the first person to have won the Arnold Strongman Classic, Europe's Strongest Man and World's Strongest Man in the same calendar year. He played Gregor ""The Mountain"" Clegane in the HBO series Game of Thrones for five seasons. He also is a former professional basketball player.
Leo Lake is a small glacial lake approximately 15 km northeast of Bakers Narrows which drains into Thompson Lake. It is part of the Nelson River watershed, in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in the Northern Region of Manitoba, Canada.
USS Robert G. Bradley (FFG-49) is an Oliver Hazard Perry-class frigate, a ship of the United States Navy named for Lieutenant Robert G. Bradley, who was awarded the Navy Cross posthumously for his heroism on USS Princeton during the Battle of Leyte Gulf.
Colmán of Lindisfarne also known as Saint Colmán was Bishop of Lindisfarne from 661 until 664.
Samuele Perisan is an Italian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Udinese.
The Toyota Avalon is a full-size car produced by Toyota. It is Toyota's largest front-wheel drive sedan and serves as its flagship vehicle in the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico, China and the Middle East. It was also produced in Australia from April 2000 until June 2005, when it was replaced in November 2006 by the Aurion. The first production Avalon rolled off the TMMK assembly line in Georgetown, Kentucky, in September 1994. A second-generation model was released in the United States and Japan in 1999.
"Freetown Christiania, commonly just called Christiania, is a Danish special community. The village is partially self-governing with 850 inhabitants, and has an area of 85 acres near the capital of Denmark, Copenhagen. The Freetown has often been in the centre of controversies since its creation in an empty military area in 1971. In the Freetown, cannabis was legal until 2004. Inhabitants of Christiania are called ""Christianites"". Christiania has become home to several businesses such as carpenters, blacksmiths, a bikeshop, as well as several cafés, restaurants, jazz, blues and night clubs."
"Marian ""Marek"" Spychalski was a Polish architect in pre-war Poland, and later, military commander and communist politician. During World War II he belonged to the communist underground forces operating within Poland and was one of the leaders of the resistance movement Gwardia Ludowa, then Armia Ludowa."
Cavuccio is a frazione in the Province of Teramo in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
Gmina Wróblew is a rural gmina in Sieradz County, ód Voivodeship, in central Poland. Its seat is the village of Wróblew, which lies approximately 10 kilometres west of Sieradz and 62 km west of the regional capital ód.
Susquehanna Transfer was a passenger station on the New York, Susquehanna and Western Railway, located in North Bergen, New Jersey at the Route 495 overpass. It was an interchange station where transfer was possible from the railroad to a bus through the Lincoln Tunnel to the Port Authority Bus Terminal in Midtown Manhattan.
Juhan Maaker nicknamed Torupilli-Juss was an Estonian folk musician, a player of the Estonian bagpipe. He was considered one of the most popular players at the time called the king of bagpipe players.
Gloucester High School is an accredited public high school located four miles from Gloucester Courthouse in Gloucester County, Virginia, United States. It is operated by Gloucester County Public Schools, a Virginia public school division.
Anne Stine Ingstad was a Norwegian archaeologist who, along with explorer Helge Ingstad, discovered the remains of a Viking settlement at L'Anse aux Meadows in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador in 1960.
The Government Island Historic District is a historic district on Border Street in Cohasset, Massachusetts. It was for many years the land station associated with the Minot's Ledge Light. Due to the difficulties associated with the construction of the light, its tower was actually assembled first on this site; the foundation area used for this purpose is marked in the small park. The district also includes the original lightkeeper's house.
Tregellasia is a genus of birds in the family Petroicidae that are found in Australia and New Guinea.
The Lichte (Thuringia) east station was a Deutsche Reichsbahn station of the Thuringian municipality of Lichte in the district of Saalfeld-Rudolstadt.
Jebel el Gharbi is a mountain in central Lebanon.
"Jean Lannes, 1st Duke of Montebello, Prince of Siewierz, was a French military commander and a Marshal of the Empire who served during both the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars. He was one of Napoleon's most daring and talented generals. Napoleon once commented on Lannes: ""I found him a pygmy and left him a giant"". A personal friend of the emperor, he was allowed to address him with the familiar tu, as opposed to the formal vous."
The Battle of Millesimo, fought on 13 and 14 April 1796, was the name that Napoleon Bonaparte gave in his correspondence to one of a series of small battles that were fought in Liguria, Northern Italy between the armies of France and the allied armies of the Habsburg Monarchy and of the Kingdom of Sardinia-Piedmont.
San Elijo Middle School is a public middle school in the SMUSD. San Elijo Middle School received a 10 out of 10 CSR rank in 2013 and a 9 out of 10 in 2016.
The Redeye River is a tributary of the Leaf River, 73 miles long, in central Minnesota in the United States. Via the Leaf and Crow Wing Rivers, it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River, draining an area of 222 square miles in a rural region. The river's name comes from the Native Americans of the area, who saw many red-eye fish in the river.
Spalding Memorial Library-Tioga Point Museum is a historic library and museum building located at Athens, Bradford County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1897–1898, and is a Colonial Revival / Classical Revival-style civic building. The main section measures 60 by 38 feet, and is two-story, brick structure with Indiana limestone trim on a raised basement. It features a central entry pedimented portico reached by a set of stairs and supported by four Ionic order columns. A two-story, rear addition was built in 1928, and measures 43 by 28 feet. An elevator tower was added to it in 1999.
Allenhurst is a railway station in Allenhurst, Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. It is served by trains on NJ Transit's North Jersey Coast Line.
The tornado outbreak and floods of April 28 – May 1, 2017 were a series of severe weather events that affected the central United States, producing life-threatening flooding and a major tornado outbreak. It formed out of a disturbance in the Southwestern United States on April 28, and caused significant impacts, including a heavy snowstorm in the Rockies, and other types of severe weather. Up to 3 feet of snow fell on the cold side of the system, and up to a foot of rain fell in and around the central parts of the nation.
Narrikup is a small town between Albany and Mount Barker in the Great Southern region of Western Australia. At the 2006 census, Narrikup had a population of 515.
The Canterbury Tales is a collection of 24 stories that runs to over 17,000 lines written in Middle English by Geoffrey Chaucer between 1387 and 1400. In 1386, Chaucer became Controller of Customs and Justice of Peace and, in 1389, Clerk of the King's work. It was during these years that Chaucer began working on his most famous text, The Canterbury Tales. The tales are presented as part of a story-telling contest by a group of pilgrims as they travel together from London to Canterbury to visit the shrine of Saint Thomas Becket at Canterbury Cathedral. The prize for this contest is a free meal at the Tabard Inn at Southwark on their return.
Calumma brevicorne, the short-horned chameleon, is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar.
'Azzun 'Atma is a Palestinian village in the Qalqilya Governorate in the western West Bank, located 5 kilometers South-east of Qalqilya. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, 'Azzun 'Atma had a population of approximately 1,670 inhabitants in mid-year 2006. 3.9% of the population of 'Azzun 'Atma were refugees in 1997. The healthcare facilities for 'Azzun 'Atma are designated as MOH level 2.
William Brodrick, 8th Viscount Midleton, was a British peer, local landowner and Conservative politician in both Houses of Parliament, entering first the Commons for two years.
Danny Davis was a country music band leader, trumpet player, vocalist and producer, best known as the founder and leader of the Nashville Brass.
Barney Furey was an American actor of the silent era. He appeared in 112 films between 1912 and 1937. He was born in Boise, Idaho and died in Los Angeles, California.
Pachuca, formally known as Pachuca de Soto, is the capital and largest city of the Mexican state of Hidalgo. It is located in the south-central part of the state. Pachuca de Soto is also the name of the municipality of which the city serves as municipal seat. Pachuca is located about 90 kilometres from Mexico City via Mexican Federal Highway 85.
Mattawa is an incorporated city in Grant County, Washington, United States. The population was 4,437 at the 2010 census.
Daphnella radula is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
Sarah Lois Price FRS is Professor of Physical Chemistry at University College London.
Worth is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
The N65 road is a national secondary road in Ireland. It links the N52 at Borrisokane, County Tipperary to the M6 north of Loughrea in County Galway.
The Barnstable County Courthouse is an historic courthouse at 3195 Main Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts. The two-story Greek Revival building was built in 1831 to a design by architect Alexander Parris. It is built mostly out of Quincy granite, although its front portico and fluted Doric columns are made of wood fashioned to look like stone. The building has been expanded five times between 1879 and 1971, with each addition made in a style sensitive to its original styling, and its main courtroom features original Federal styling. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981, and included in the Old King's Highway Historic District in 1987. The Barnstable Superior Court is located in the building.
Rhythm Boyz Entertainment INC, or simply known as Rhythm Boyz is a Punjabi film production and distribution company founded by Karaj Gill and Amrinder Gill in 2013. The company was named after their college time Bhangra group. Rhythm Boyz began to produce films in 2014 with Goreyan Nu Daffa Karo.
ask is a town in central Poland with 17,604 inhabitants. It is the capital of ask County, and is situated in ód Voivodeship, previously in Sieradz Voivodeship. The Polish Air Force's 32nd Air Base is located nearby.
Scituate is a seacoast town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States, on the South Shore, midway between Boston and Plymouth. The population was 18,133 at the 2010 census.
"Holy Saturday, the Saturday of Holy Week, also known as Holy and Great Saturday, the Great Sabbath, Black Saturday, Hallelujah Saturday, Glorious Saturday or Easter Eve, and called ""Joyous Saturday"" or ""the Saturday of Light"" among Coptic Christians, is the day after Good Friday. It is the day before Easter and the last day of Holy Week in which Christians prepare for Easter. It commemorates the day that Jesus' body lay in the tomb and the Harrowing of Hell."
The Wooden Church is a church in Por, Romania, built in 1792.
Goat Mountain is a 6,450-foot mountain summit located in the Chugach Mountains, in Anchorage Municipality in the U.S. state of Alaska. The peak is situated in Chugach National Forest at the head of Glacier Creek Valley, 30 mi east-southeast of downtown Anchorage, and 8 mi north-northeast of the Alyeska Resort and Girdwood area. The mountain's name was officially adopted in 1932. On August 4, 2019, a small airplane crashed on the mountain claiming all four lives onboard.
Banu 'Ajal also known as Banu 'Ijl was an Arab tribe of the Arabian Peninsula. The tribe is a branch of the famous tribe of Banu Bakr ibn Wa'il. And they were part of the Lahazim tribal alliance.
USS Alameda County was an LST-1-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy during World War II. Like many of her class, she was not originally named, and only referenced by her hull designation. Later she was named for Alameda County, California, the only US Naval vessel to bear the name.
Boogarins are a Brazilian psychedelic rock band formed in 2013 by Dinho Almeida and Benke Ferraz. Later they were joined by Hans Castro and Raphael Vaz, forming a four-piece. In 2014, Ynaiã Benthroldo replaced Hans as drummer.
Ichiro Agata is the guitarist for the Japanese noise rock band Melt-Banana. Agata is known particularly for his furious stage antics, jumping and constantly moving around, and exceedingly unique approach to playing the guitar which involves extended technique heavy use of effects pedals
Lac-Bazinet is an unorganized territory in the Laurentides region of Quebec, Canada, and one of the two most northerly of eleven unorganized areas in the Antoine-Labelle Regional County Municipality.
Loudon County is a county in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is located in the central part of East Tennessee. As of the 2010 census, the population was 48,556. Its county seat is Loudon.
Cheenu Pillai is a self-taught artist from chennai, India who blends European expressionism with dravidian themes.
Yermishinsky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the twenty-five in Ryazan Oblast, Russia. It is located in the northeast of the oblast. The area of the district is 1,342 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the urban locality of Yermish. Population: 8,879; 10,926; 13,288. The population of Yermish accounts for 48.9% of the district's total population.
The Ministry of Defense of the Republic of Kazakhstan is a government agency of Kazakhstan which is the main executive body in implementing military policy. The Defense Minister of the Republic of Kazakhstan is the head of the Ministry of Defense, whose duties are to exercise the administrative leadership of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Kazakhstan. The ministry was established in May 1992 and is currently headed by Nurlan Ermekbaev. The first Minister of Defense was Army General Sagadat Nurmagambetov who served from May 1992 to October 16, 1995.
El Pollo Loco, Inc., is a restaurant chain based in the United States, specializing in Mexican-style grilled chicken. Restaurant service consists of: dine-in, take-out, with some locations offering drive through options. The company is headquartered in Costa Mesa, California, and operates about 500 company-owned and franchised restaurants in the Southwestern United States.
Es Pantaleu or El Pantaleu is an uninhabited islet in the Balearic Islands, Spain, located just off the west coast of Majorca. It is currently a natural park, part of the natural park of its neighboring island Dragonera. It has an area of 2,4 ha and its highest point is 26 m AMSL.
"Kadena Air Base is a United States Air Force base in the towns of Kadena and Chatan and the city of Okinawa, in Okinawa Prefecture, Japan. It is often referred to as the ""Keystone of the Pacific"". Kadena Air Base is home to the USAF's 18th Wing, the 353d Special Operations Group, reconnaissance units, 1st Battalion, 1st Air Defense Artillery, and a variety of associated units. Over 20,000 American servicemembers, family members, and Japanese employees live or work aboard Kadena Air Base. It is the largest and most active US Air Force base in the Far East."
The Ioffe Physical-Technical Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences is one of Russia's largest research centers specialized in physics and technology. The institute was established in 1918 in Petrograd and run for several decades by Abram Ioffe. The Institute is a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
William James Crowe Jr. was a United States Navy admiral who served as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff under Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush, and as the ambassador to the United Kingdom under President Bill Clinton.
Payton Michael Pritchard is an American basketball player. He played college basketball for the Oregon Ducks. As a sophomore, he was named second-team all-conference in the Pac-12. As a senior, he was a finalist for the Naismith Trophy.
Aincourt is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department in Île-de-France in northern France. It is located in the reigonal national park of Vexin.
Ken Vandermark is an American jazz composer, saxophonist, and clarinetist.
Bella Kocharyan is the wife of former Armenian President Robert Kocharyan and is the former First Lady of Armenia.
Assam-type architecture is a style developed in the state of Assam in India during the late modern period. It is found in Assam and Sylhet region. The houses constructed using this style are generally termed as Assam-type houses, consisting usually one or more storeys. The houses are built to be earthquake proof, and are made from materials ranging from wood and bamboo to steel and concrete.
The 375th Bombardment Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with 308th Bombardment Wing stationed at Plattsburgh Air Force Base, New York.
The Midland Railway 130 Class was a class of 2-2-2 tender engines built, intended for express passenger duties. They were designed by Matthew Kirtley. In total 75 of the class were built in several batches between 1853 and 1866. Many were rebuilt by Samuel W. Johnson with cabs and new fireboxes after 1875. They were also divided into four classes: the 130 class of 1852, the 136 class of 1856–1861, the 1 class of 1859–1862, and the 30 class of 1865–1866.
Issiar Dia is a professional footballer who most recently played as a winger for Turkish club Yeni Malatyaspor.
The Pontiac Bonneville is an automobile built by Pontiac from 1957 to 2005. Bonnevilles were full-sized, with the exception of a brief period of mid-size between 1982–1986. The brand was introduced as a limited production performance convertible during the 1957 model year. The Bonneville, and its platform partner, the Grand Ville, are some of the largest Pontiacs ever built; in station wagon body styles they reached just over 230 inches long, and at 5,000 pounds and more were also some of the heaviest cars produced at the time. They were also available as hearses.
The Dufourspitze is the highest peak of Monte Rosa, a huge ice-covered mountain massif in the Alps. Dufourspitze is the highest mountain peak of both Switzerland and the Pennine Alps and is also the second-highest mountain of the Alps and Western Europe, after Mont Blanc. It is located between Switzerland and Italy.
The Kia K4 or Kia Cachet is a compact four-door sedan positioned between the Kia K3 and Kia K5 that was designed exclusively for the Chinese market. The Kia K4 was previewed on the 2014 Beijing Auto Show by the Kia K4 Concept.
Erythrosuchus is an extinct genus of archosauriform reptile from the Triassic of South Africa. Remains have been found from the Cynognathus Assemblage Zone of the Beaufort Group in the Karoo of South Africa.
Caspian is an American post-rock band from Beverly, Massachusetts, United States.
Todopsis is a former genus of fly-catching wrens. The following species were formerly classified within the genus Todopsis:
Elisabeth Eberl is an Austrian javelin thrower. She competed in the javelin throw event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Elizabeth Amelia Sharp was a critic, editor and writer, and married to the Scottish writer, William Sharp also known by his pseudonym Fiona MacLeod. William Sharp was her first cousin, his father David was a younger brother of Thomas, Elizabeth's father. They had no children.
"Monstrilloida is an order of copepods with a cosmopolitan distribution in the world's oceans. The order contains a single family, Monstrillidae. The name of the first ever described genus Monstrilla is derived from latin, meaning ""tiny monster"", because the lack of usual diagnostic features of copepods puzzled early taxonomists."
Kolove is a market town in the Domažlice District in the Plze Region of the Czech Republic. It has a population of about 1,000.
The Manchukuo Imperial Guards were an elite unit of the Manchukuo armed forces created in 1933. It was charged with the protection of the Kangde Emperor, the royal household, and senior members of the Manchukuo civil government. Their garrison and headquarters were situated in the capital of Xinjing, adjacent to the Imperial Palace.
Ottenbüttel is a municipality in the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Little Goose Lock and Dam is a hydroelectric, concrete, run-of-the-river dam in Columbia and Whitman counties in the state of Washington, on the Snake River. The dam is located 9 miles northeast of the town of Starbuck, and 25 miles north of Dayton.
Radzy Podlaski County is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Lublin Voivodeship, eastern Poland. It was established on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is Radzy Podlaski, which lies 60 kilometres north of the regional capital Lublin.
Wilberforce is a census-designated place in Greene County, Ohio, United States. The population was 2,271 at the 2010 census, up from 1,579 at the 2000 census.
"Sammi Smith was an American country music singer and songwriter. Born Jewel Faye Smith, she is best known for her 1971 country-pop crossover hit ""Help Me Make It Through the Night"", which was written by Kris Kristofferson. She became one of the few women in the outlaw country movement during the 1970s."
Nicola Armaroli is an Italian chemist, research director at the Italian National Research Council, director of the scientific magazine Sapere and member of the Italian National Academy of Sciences.
Danilo I Petrovi-Njegoš was the Metropolitan of Cetinje between 1697 and 1735, and a founder of the House of Petrovi-Njegoš, which ruled Montenegro from 1697 to 1918.
The Yamaha Tracer 900 is a sport touring motorcycle first offered in 2015. The 3-cylinder crossplane engine comes from the MT-09.
Diegten is a municipality in the district of Waldenburg in the canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland.
Stâlpu is a commune in Buzu County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Stâlpu.
Paulina is an unincorporated community in Crook County, Oregon, United States. It is about 55 miles east of Prineville on Oregon Route 380. It was named after Paiute Chief Paulina. Paulina post office was established in 1882.
Pedro Pablo Cazañas y Garcia was a prominent Cuban judge and politician.
The Niederburg at Kobern, also called the Niedernburg, Unterburg or Neue Burg, is a hill castle above the municipality of Kobern-Gondorf in the county of Mayen-Koblenz in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
Cameron Road is a road in Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong. The west end of Cameron Road is Nathan Road while the east end is Chatham Road South, and it is almost parallel to Granville Road and Mody Road. It is named after Major General William Gordon Cameron, the Administrator of Hong Kong from April to October 1887, who was the great grand uncle of David Cameron, the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Fjällsätern is a minor mountain in southern Uddevalla, Sweden. Its summit reaches 105.9 metres above sea level according to one 1950 estimate, making it the area's second highest. There the local politician and publicist Ture Malmgren began building his grand Tureborg Castle, today a ruin, in 1899. Along its slopes Malmgren constructed several other structures, among them the likewise faux-medieval summer residence Fjällhyddan, and his own would-be tomb. The area was once completely barren, but Malmgren – who was engaged in the tree-planting movement of that time – promised his wife Hilma that she would one day be able to walk beneath trees on Fjällsätern, and set about planting the thick forest of today. A nature reserve named after him, Ture Valleys, is situated on the mountain's eastern side.
The diocese of Hi Phòng is a Roman Catholic diocese in northern Vietnam. The bishop is Joseph Vu Van Thien, since 2002.
Tatham is a village and civil parish in the City of Lancaster district in Lancashire, England. It has a population of 393, increasing slightly to 396 at the 2011 Census.
Carolina Cannonball is a musical comedy film, released by Republic Pictures in 1955.
Pouch is a village and a former municipality in the district of Anhalt-Bitterfeld, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the municipality Muldestausee, and close to the city of Bitterfeld-Wolfen. It is located at Lake Goitzsche, part of the man-made lakeland Neuseenland.
The oncilla, also known as the northern tiger cat, little spotted cat, and tigrillo, is a small spotted cat. Its range from Central America to central Brazil. Over this huge territory there are differences which some think should be subspecies.
Burnside is a borough in Clearfield County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 234 at the 2010 census.
The Cross Internacional de Itálica is an annual cross country running competition that is held every January in Santiponce, near Seville, Spain. Inaugurated in 1982, the race course is set in the ruins of the ancient Roman city of Itálica. As one of only two Spanish competitions to hold IAAF permit meeting status, it is one of the more prestigious races on the Spanish cross country circuit.
Christian Ignatius Latrobe was an English clergyman of the Moravian Church, as well as an artist, musician and composer. He created a large number of works for, and most famously edited, a Selection of Sacred Music in six volumes between 1806 and 1826, introducing the sacred music of Haydn, Mozart and Pergolesi and other European continental composers who were largely unknown to English audiences.
Uwe Bein is a former German football player. He has played for Germany national team.
MALAT 1 also known as NEAT2 is a large, infrequently spliced non-coding RNA, which is highly conserved amongst mammals and highly expressed in the nucleus. MALAT1 was identified in multiple types of physiological processes, such as alternative splicing, nuclear organization, epigenetic modulating of gene expression, and a number of evidences indicate that MALAT1 also closely relate to various pathological processes, ranging from diabetes complications to cancers. It regulates the expression of metastasis-associated genes. It also positively regulates cell motility via the transcriptional and/or post-transcriptional regulation of motility-related genes. MALAT1 may play a role in temperature-dependent sex determination in the Red-eared slider turtle.
Albugo candida commonly known as white rust, is a species of oomycete in the family Albuginaceae. It is sometimes called a fungus, but in fact forms part of a distinct lineage of fungus-like microorganisms, Oomycetes, commonly known as water moulds. A. candida is an obligate plant pathogen that infects Brassicaceae species and causes the disease known as white rust or white blister rust. It has a relatively smaller genome than other oomycetes.
In molecular biology, intercellular adhesion molecules and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 are part of the immunoglobulin superfamily. They are important in inflammation, immune responses and in intracellular signalling events. The ICAM family consists of five members, designated ICAM-1 to ICAM-5. They are known to bind to leucocyte integrins CD11/CD18 such as LFA-1 and Macrophage-1 antigen, during inflammation and in immune responses. In addition, ICAMs may exist in soluble forms in human plasma, due to activation and proteolysis mechanisms at cell surfaces.
Brzenica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bardo, within Zbkowice lskie County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
The NAIA Expressway is an 11.6-kilometer elevated expressway system in Metro Manila, Philippines, which links the Metro Manila Skyway to the Ninoy Aquino International Airport and Entertainment City. It runs along Andrews Avenue, Electrical Road, and NAIA Road connecting the Skyway to Ninoy Aquino Avenue, Macapagal Boulevard, Jose Diokno Boulevard and the Manila–Cavite Expressway. The roadway is the first airport expressway in the Philippines which opened in September 2016. It traverses the cities of Pasay and Parañaque. The entire expressway is designated as Expressway 6 of the Philippine expressway network.
Neljä Ruusua is a Finnish rock group formed in the city of Joensuu in 1982. The group consists of guitarist-singer Ilkka Alanko, guitarist Petteri Koistinen, bass guitarist Jari Laakkonen and drummer Kari Kämäräinen. Their style of music was influenced by punk in their earlier years, but changed over time to more conventional Finnish rock and pop music. The most popular albums of the band are Haloo and Pop-uskonto, which bought the band to a great popularity.
Sir John Robert Mowbray, 1st Baronet PC, known as John Cornish until 1847, was a British Conservative politician and long-serving Member of Parliament, eventually serving as Father of the House.
Colias nina, Fawcett's clouded yellow, is a small butterfly of the family Pieridae - that is, the yellows and whites - that is found in India.
Lunca de Sus is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Szekely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania.
Aira is a city located in Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan. It is located west of Kirishima and north of Kagoshima.
Diego Della Valle is the chairman of the Italian leather goods company Tod's.
Danny Eslick is an American professional motorcycle racer. He currently competes in the MotoAmerica Superstock 1000 Championship aboard a BMW S1000RR.
Richard G. J. Hutten is a Dutch designer, working on diverse projects such as furniture, product, interior, and exhibition design.
Maylandia livingstonii is a species of cichlid native to Lake Malawi and Lake Malombe. This species can reach a length of 15 centimetres TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade. The specific name of this fish honours the Scottish explorer and missionary David Livingstone.
The Antonov An-28 is a twin-engined light turboprop transport aircraft, developed from the Antonov An-14M. It was the winner of a competition against the Beriev Be-30, for use by Aeroflot as a short-range airliner. It first flew in 1969. A total of 191 were built and 16 remain in airline service as at August 2015. After a short pre-production series built by Antonov, it was licence-built in Poland by PZL-Mielec. In 1993, PZL-Mielec developed its own improved variant, the PZL M28 Skytruck.
Lepiota clypeolaria commonly known as the shield dapperling or the shaggy-stalked Lepiota, is a common, poisonous mushroom in the genus Lepiota. It is widely distributed in northern temperate zones, where it grows in deciduous and coniferous forest. Fruit bodies have a brownish cap, a shaggy stipe with a collapsed, sheathing ring or ring zone, and spindle-shaped spores.
Priyadarshan is an Indian film director, screenwriter, and producer. In a career spanning over three decades, he has directed more than 95 films in various Indian languages, predominantly in Malayalam and Hindi, while also having done six films in Tamil and two in Telugu.
"Pyotr Velikiy is the fourth Kirov-class battlecruiser of the Russian Navy. It was initially named Yuri Andropov for Yuri Andropov, the former General Secretary of the Communist Party, but the ship's name was changed after the fall of the Soviet Union. The Russian designation for the type is ""heavy nuclear missile cruiser"", but Western defense commentators have resurrected the term ""battlecruiser"" to describe them, as they are the largest surface combatant warships in the world. Pyotr Velikiy is the flagship of the Northern Fleet.
Al-Qahtaniyah Subdistrict is a subdistrict of Qamishli District in northeastern al-Hasakah Governorate, northeastern Syria. Administrative centre is the town al-Qahtaniyah.
The 93rd Mechanized Brigade is a formation of the Ukrainian Ground Forces. The full name of the Brigade is the 93rd Independent Kholodnyi Yar Mechanized Brigade.
Aubin Vouet was a French painter, the son of Laurent Vouet and younger brother of Simon Vouet, both also painters.
Ust-Vymsky District is an administrative district, one of the twelve in the Komi Republic, Russia. It is located in the southwest of the republic. The area of the district is 4,775 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the rural locality of Aykino. As of the 2010 Census, the total population of the district was 29,474, with the population of Aykino accounting for 11.4% of that number.
The Lihme House is a Neoclassical property located at Kongens Nytorv 18 in central Copenhagen, Denmark. Restaurant Feist is located in the ground floor of the building while the IT consultancy Nine occupies the upper floors. The building was listed on the Danish registry of protected buildings and places in 1918 but delisted on 20 September 2016.
Leicester station is a historic railway station located at Leicester, New York in Livingston County, New York. It is a 1-story, two-by-four-bay brick building surmounted by a hipped roof with broad overhanging eaves. It was built in 1915 in the Arts and Crafts style.
Astrup is a village in Mariagerfjord Municipality, Denmark.
The Mandovi bridge is a set of two bridges. It carries four lanes of NH66 over river Mandovi. It was Russian in design and the first to be used in this country. The first Mandovi bridge was built in 1971 and the second one in 1998.
The equestrian statue of Frederick William IV is an 1875–86 sculpture of Frederick William IV of Prussia by Alexander Calandrelli, installed in front of the Alte Nationalgalerie in Berlin, Germany.
Matthew 27:59 is the fifty-ninth verse of the twenty-seventh chapter of the Gospel of Matthew in the New Testament. This verse describes Joseph of Arimathea gathering Jesus' body after the crucifixion.
Gusztáv, 5th Prince Batthyány-Strattmann was a Hungarian nobleman who bred horses in England where he was commonly known as Count Gustavus Batthyány.
St Mary's Anglican Church, officially St Mary the Virgin Anglican Church, is a heritage-listed Anglican church and associated facilities located at 240 Birrell Street, Waverley, in the Waverley Municipality, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. The church was designed by Edmund Blacket and built between 1863 and 1864. The building is also notable due its pipe organ, designed and built by August Gern. The church complex is also known as St. Mary's Anglican Church and Pipe Organ and Gern Pipe Organ. The property is owned by Waverley Anglican Parish; part of the Anglican Diocese of Sydney. The complex was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Heidi Quante is an interdisciplinary artist who has been designing environmental and human rights public engagement initiatives since 2003. Her passion is to devise new art forms that engage the public in the pressing social and environmental issues of our time.
Mecklenburg County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at Boydton, Mecklenburg County, Virginia. It was built in 1838–1842, and is a large two-story, Roman Revival brick temple-form structure. It is five-bays wide and five-bays deep and features a hexastyle Ionic order portico. The building has a two-story rear ell.
The Division of Fairfax is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland.
Panama is a village in Lancaster County, Nebraska, United States. It is part of the Lincoln, Nebraska Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 256 at the 2010 census.
"Juan Manuel ""Lobito"" Fernández is an Argentine professional basketball player for Pallacanestro Trieste of the Italian Lega Basket Serie A. His father, Gustavo, was a point guard for a number of professional basketball teams in Argentina. Pepe Sánchez convinced Fernández to play basketball at his alma mater, Temple University, and Fernández joined the Temple Owls team in December 2008. As a sophomore, he was named Atlantic 10 Tournament Most Valuable Player. After struggling through a prolonged shooting slump as a junior, he hit an off-balance 18-foot shot with .4 seconds remaining to defeat Penn State in the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament and was named to the All-Atlantic 10 Third Team. In addition to his college exploits, he defended Argentina bringing home a gold medal at the 2008 Under-18 World Championship."
Diplura is a genus of South American curtain web spiders that was first described by C. L. Koch in 1850. It is found in South America and Cuba belonging to the subfamily Diplurinae. They possess a lyra on their prolateral maxillae. Diplura species can be distinguished from Trechona sp. by the number of setae on this lyra. They differ from Harmonicon sp. by the leg formula and the shape of the lyra bristles.
Southwest City is a city in McDonald County, Missouri, United States. The population was 937 at the 2010 census, at which time it was a town. It is part of the Fayetteville–Springdale–Rogers, AR-MO Metropolitan Statistical Area and is located in the southwestern corner of the state of Missouri.
Burakcan Kunt is a Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sakaryaspor. Kunt made his full debut on 24 April 2010 in a 2. Bundesliga match against SC Paderborn 07.
Kolyshleysky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the twenty-seven in Penza Oblast, Russia. It is located in the south of the oblast. The area of the district is 1,685 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the urban locality of Kolyshley. Population: 26,187; 27,751; 29,125. The population of Kolyshley accounts for 31.7% of the district's total population.
Ismael Romero Fernández is a Cuban professional basketball player for Vaqueros de Bayamón of the BSN. He played college basketball for Universidad del Turabo from Puerto Rico.
House at 10th and Avery Streets is a historic home located at Parkersburg, Wood County, West Virginia. It was built between about 1860 and 1879, and is a two-story, frame house in the Eastlake / Carpenter Gothic style. Its roof has a complex composition of hips and gabled wall dormers, pierced by two brick chimney. The house features sawn woodwork that make it the most highly ornamented residential building in downtown Parkersburg.
Fond du Lac is a city in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 43,021 at the 2010 census. The city forms the core of the United States Census Bureau's Fond du Lac Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of Fond du Lac County. Fond du Lac is the 342nd largest Metropolitan Statistical Area in the United States. The Fond du Lac MSA and the Beaver Dam, Wisconsin Micropolitan Statistical Area, form the larger Fond du Lac-Beaver Dam Combined Statistical Area.
Gryllinae, or field crickets, are a subfamily of insects in the order Orthoptera and the family Gryllidae.
Apodasmia similis, also known as oioi or jointed wire rush, is a plant that is endemic to New Zealand. It is a coastal plant but is also found around peat bogs and hot springs. It flowers from October to December and bears fruit from December to March.
Colorado State University - CHicago ILLinois radar, colloquially CSU-CHILL, is a semi-mobile, dual-frequency weather surveillance radar developed in 1970 by the University of Chicago and the Illinois State Water Survey, which has since been moved to Colorado on behalf of Colorado State University. The radar was operated through a cooperative agreement with the National Science Foundation.
The Notre Dame Gate, also known as the Notre Dame de la Grace Gate, the Cottonera Gate, the abbar Gate or Bieb is-Sultan, is the main gate of the Cottonera Lines, located in Birgu, Malta. The gate was built in 1675 in the Baroque style, and it is currently used as the headquarters of the heritage organization Fondazzjoni Wirt Artna.
Sivac is a village located in the municipality of Kula, Serbia. The village has a Serb ethnic majority with a sizable Montenegrin minority, with its population numbering 7,895 inhabitants.
Laffa, also known as lafa, is a popular Israeli flatbread of Iraqi Jewish origin that is most often used to wrap sandwiches such as falafel and shawarma, to dip in hummus, matbucha and other dips, or with shakshouka, and other dishes. It is also the traditional bread used in sabich, an Israeli eggplant sandwich.
Coolangatta is a coastal suburb and the southernmost suburb of City of Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia. It borders New South Wales. It is named after the schooner Coolangatta which was wrecked there in 1846. At the 2016 census, the suburb recorded a population of 5,948.
Bernt Haas is a Swiss former professional football defender.
Schönebecker Aue is a geest stream in Bremen and Lower Saxony, Germany.
Bartosz Jan Cichocki is a Polish political scientist and historian, since 2019 serving as an ambasador to Ukraine.
Haret is a small lunar impact crater that is located in the southern region on the far side of the Moon. It lies in midst of the triangle of craters formed by Bose to the northeast, Cabannes to the southeast, and Abbe to the west. The region about this crater is relatively level, although marked with a number of fresh, bowl-shaped craters.
King Frederick VIII Land is a major geographic division of northeastern Greenland. It extends above the Arctic Circle from 76°N to 81°N in a N/S direction along the coast of the Greenland Sea.
Mariana dos Santos Silva is a judoka from Brazil who competes in the women's half-middleweight. She won a bronze at the 2015 Pan American Games. That year, she also won gold at the World Military Games. In 2016, she won the Pan American Judo Championships, having won silver in 2011 and 2015, and bronze medals in 2010 and 2012. Previously, she won a bronze medal in the 2009 World Junior Championships. She has appeared at two Olympics for Brazil.
Jay Brannan is an American singer-songwriter and actor. He was born in Texas and briefly studied in Ohio, but moved to California to become an actor. Brannan appeared in the 2006 movie Shortbus, which included one of his songs in its soundtrack, and began to build a fan base by performing on YouTube. He released an EP and acted in Holding Trevor in 2007. Since then, he has toured and released four albums.
"The Pterochrozinae are a subfamily of the Tettigoniidae found in Central and South America. They were previously placed as a tribe in the subfamily Pseudophyllinae and have been called ""leaf-mimic katydids""."
Cueifong Lake is a lake in Nan'ao Township, Yilan County, Taiwan.
The Cape Range slider is a species of skink found in Western Australia.
The Nizhny Novgorod Kremlin is a fortress in Nizhny Novgorod, the historic city center.
Gertrude of Saxony, also known as Gertrude Billung, was a countess of Holland by marriage to Floris I, Count of Holland, and countess of Flanders by marriage to Robert I, Count of Flanders. She was regent of Holland in 1061-1067 during the minority of her son Dirk V, and regent of Flanders during the absence of her spouse in 1086-1093.
Fred Hayes State Park at Starvation is a state park in northeastern Utah, United States, featuring the 3,495-acre Starvation Reservoir. The park is 4 miles northwest of the town of Duchesne, Utah.
Baron Ernst Friedrich von Liphart or Earnest Lipgart was a painter, a noted art expert and art collector from what is now Tartu in Estonia. After living for a time in Florence, he moved to France and then to Russia, where he was a curator at the Hermitage Museum.
Buddleja davidii 'Dubonnet' is one of the older davidii cultivars; it once enjoyed much commercial success, but became eclipsed by later releases and is no longer widely available.
Glenveagh is the second largest national park in Ireland. National parks in Ireland conform to IUCN standards.
Marques Terrell Bolden is an American professional basketball player for the Canton Charge of the NBA G League. He played college basketball for the Duke Blue Devils.
Elisabeth Sophie of Saxe-Altenburg, was a princess of Saxe-Altenburg and, by marriage, duchess of Saxe-Gotha.
Jack Clisby is an Australian football player who plays as a centre back or left back, and who has joined A-League side Central Coast Mariners on a one-year deal.
Frank Lander Saul is an English former professional footballer who played most of his career for Tottenham Hotspur.
Stella Vine is an English artist, who lives and works in London. Her work is figurative painting with subject matter drawn from either her personal life of family, friends and school, or rock stars, royalty and celebrities. She has worked in various jobs, including as a waitress, stripper and cleaner.
Xenophon Constantine Balaskas, sometimes known as Xen or Bally, was a South African all-round cricketer who scored 2,696 first-class runs at 28.68 and took 276 wickets at 24.11 with his leg-spin bowling.
Brigadier General Sir Herbert Ernest Hart, KBE, CB, CMG, DSO, VD was an officer in the New Zealand Military Forces who served during the Second Boer War and the First World War. He later served as the Administrator of Western Samoa and worked for the Imperial War Graves Commission.
Laura Marie Müller is a German sprinter. She competed in the 4 × 400 metres relay at the 2016 European Athletics Championships. At the 2016 Summer Olympics, she competed in the women's 4 x 400 metre relay.
Eleanor Soltau was an English doctor who led the first unit of the Scottish Women's Hospitals for Foreign Service in Serbia.
Roberto's spiny-rat, Proechimys roberti, or Para spiny rat, is a spiny rat species from South America. It is found in Brazil.
Ocybadistes flavovittata, the common dart or narrow-brand grass-dart, is a butterfly of the family Hesperiidae. It is found in Indonesia, Australia and Papua New Guinea.
Thymus zygis is a type of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae.
Kroniewice is a town in Kutno County, ód Voivodeship, Poland, with 4,458 inhabitants.
Vanessa Brown, known professionally as VV Brown, is a British indie pop singer-songwriter, model and record producer.
Gmina Parczew is an urban-rural gmina in Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. Its seat is the town of Parczew, which lies approximately 48 kilometres north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
Karsten Tadda is a German professional basketball player for EWE Baskets Oldenburg of the Basketball Bundesliga. He played for the German national basketball team.
The cuneus is a smaller lobe in the occipital lobe of the brain. The cuneus is bounded anteriorly by the parieto-occipital sulcus, inferiorly by the calcarine sulcus.
ST Pasages was originally a Canadian “Castle” – TR series minesweeping trawler built by the Dominion Shipbuilding Company, Toronto, in 1917 for service with the Royal Canadian Navy during World War I as TR 14. Following the war the vessel was taken to the United Kingdom and converted to a fishing trawler in the 1920s. Renamed Pasages, the vessel ran aground in 1931 on the Isle of Man. The vessel was wrecked and her remains can still be seen.
The Malays are an Austronesian ethnic group in Southeast Asia. They mainly live in the Malay Peninsula and many parts of the Malay Archipelago, including Brunei, Singapore, Borneo and eastern Sumatra.
Ayatollah Hassan Raza Ghadeeri is a Shia scholar and Ayatollah of Pakistan. His father, Mufti Muzammil Hussain Meesmi, was the first Mufti of Punjab.
Lee Wai Chun is one of the most successful female Hong Kong comics artists. She is best known for her popular series Sapsaam Dim, known as Miss 13 Dot or 13-Dot Cartoon in English, which follows the adventures of a rich, fashion-oriented teenager. Sapsaam Dim was one of the best selling comics in Hong Kong and Southeast Asia.
Irish Uruguayans are Uruguayan people with Irish ancestry.
Robert Eugene Ward was an American composer.
The Reem International Circuit is a motorsport venue in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, located 76 kilometres west of the city on Hejaz road Exit 11.
Hartwall Arena is a large multi-functional indoor arena located in Helsinki, Finland. Opened in 1997, the arena gets its name from its largest sponsor, the beverage company Hartwall, also based in Helsinki.
"The View are a Scottish indie rock band. They incorporate various styles such as punk, pop, alternative rock, and folk in their music. They are best known for their 2007 single ""Same Jeans"" which reached number 3 on the UK Singles Chart.
The Sports Hall of Radès, formerly known as 7 November Hall is an indoor sporting arena used mostly for basketball located in Radès, Tunisia. The capacity of the arena is 17,000 spectators.
St. James Episcopal Church, Mill Creek, also known as St. James Church or St. James Church, Stanton, is an historic Episcopal church located at 2106 St. James Church Road, in Stanton, Mill Creek Hundred, New Castle County near Wilmington, Delaware.
Bethany Lee McLean is an American journalist and contributing editor for Vanity Fair magazine. She is known for her writing on the Enron scandal and the 2008 financial crisis. Previous assignments include editor-at-large, columnist for Fortune and a contributor to Slate.
Abja-Paluoja is a town in Mulgi Parish, Viljandi County, in southern Estonia. Before 2017, it was the administrative centre of Abja Parish.
Maurizio Malvestiti is the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lodi, appointed on August 26, 2014, to replace Giuseppe Merisi.
The BMW 501 was a luxury car manufactured by BMW from 1952 to 1958. Introduced at the first Frankfurt Motor Show in 1951, the 501 was the first BMW model to be manufactured and sold after the Second World War, and as the first BMW car built in Bavaria. The 501 and its derivatives, including the V8 powered BMW 502, were nicknamed “Baroque Angels” by the German public. The BMW 502 was the first postwar German car to be manufactured with a V8 engine.
Sharon L. Lechter is an American accountant, author, and businesswoman. She is the co-author of Rich Dad Poor Dad, and the founder and CEO of Pay Your Family First, a financial education organization.
The commissural fibers or transverse fibers are axons that connect the two hemispheres of the brain. In contrast to commissural fibers, association fibers connect regions within the same hemisphere of the brain, and projection fibers connect each region to other parts of the brain or to the spinal cord.
Empire of Thessalonica is a historiographic term used by some modern scholars to refer to the short-lived Byzantine Greek state centred on the city of Thessalonica between 1224 and 1246 and ruled by the Komnenodoukas dynasty of Epirus. At the time of its establishment, the Empire of Thessalonica, under the capable Theodore Komnenos Doukas, rivaled the Empire of Nicaea and the Second Bulgarian Empire as the strongest state in the region, and aspired to capturing Constantinople, putting an end to the Latin Empire, and restoring the Byzantine Empire that had been extinguished in 1204.
John Griffiths was a British artist who worked in India, noted for his Orientalist works.
Makham is a district in the centre of Chanthaburi Province, eastern Thailand.
"Basilica Hudson is an arts and performance venue in Hudson, New York, USA. It was established in 2010 out of a 19th-century factory located near the city's ""South Bay"" riverfront along the Hudson River.
The 2011 Ukrainian Cup Final was a football match that was played at the Yuvileiny Stadium, Sumy, on 25 May 2011. The match was the 20th Ukrainian Cup Final and was contested by Dynamo Kyiv and Shakhtar Donetsk. This was the first time a Ukrainian Cup final was played in Sumy.
The Galeton Area School District is a diminutive, rural public school district operating in Potter County, Pennsylvania. Galeton Area School District encompasses approximately 325 square miles. It serves the municipalities of Galeton, Abbott Township, West Branch Township, Pike Township, and a portion of Hector Township in Potter County, plus Elk Township and Gaines Township in Tioga County, Pennsylvania. According to 2000 federal census data, the district served a resident population of 3,292. By 2010, the district's population declined to 2,929 people. The educational attainment levels for the Galeton Area School District population were 82.7% high school graduates and 9.6% college graduates.
Mary Ann Wright is a retired United States Army colonel and retired U.S. State Department official, known for her outspoken opposition to the Iraq War. She received the State Department Award for Heroism in 1997, after helping to evacuate several thousand people during the civil war in Sierra Leone. She is most noted for having been one of three State Department officials to publicly resign in direct protest of the 2003 Invasion of Iraq. Wright was also a passenger on the Challenger 1, which along with the Mavi Marmara, was part of the Gaza Freedom Flotilla.
Heidelberg Hauptbahnhof is the main railway station for the city of Heidelberg. In 2005 it was used by around 42,000 passengers per day and is one of the largest passenger stations in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. The station is classified by Deutsche Bahn as a category 2 station.
The General Service Medal was instituted to recognise service in minor Army and Royal Air Force operations for which no separate medal was intended. Local forces, including police, qualified for many of the clasps, as could units of the Indian Army prior to 1947.
"Nellie's Tree near Aberford, West Yorkshire is a group of three beech trees that have been grafted together in the shape on a letter ""N"". This arrangement of the trees is a result of a local man trying to impress his girlfriend Nellie around 1920. It has since become locally famous and is the site of numerous marriage proposals. The trees won the 2018 English and British Tree of the Year awards and came ninth in the 2019 European Tree of the Year awards."
The Rural Municipality of Rosemount No. 378 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 12 and SARM Division No. 6.
Selbyville is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States. The population was 2,167 at the 2010 census, an increase of 31.7% over the previous decade. It is part of the Salisbury, Maryland-Delaware Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Placer County, officially the County of Placer, is a county in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 348,432. The county seat is Auburn.
Kathleen Funchion is an Irish Sinn Féin politician who has been a Teachta Dála for the Carlow–Kilkenny constituency since the 2016 general election. She is Sinn Féin's spokesperson on Children, Disabilities, Intergration and Equality.
Moelv Station is a railway station located in Moelv in Ringsaker, Norway on the Dovre Line. The station was opened in 1894 with the construction of the railway between Hamar and Tretten. A station building was first constructed in 1981. Moelv is only served by regional trains by Vy and night trains by SJ Norge.
"Jane Therese Curtin is an American actress and comedian. She is sometimes referred to as ""Queen of the Deadpan""; The Philadelphia Inquirer once called her a ""refreshing drop of acid"". She was included on a 1986 list of the ""Top Prime Time Actors and Actresses of All Time"".
Édgar Sosa is a Dominican-American professional basketball player for Boulazac Basket Dordogne of LNB Pro A. He played college basketball for Louisville.
Guoguang Laboratory School, National Sun Yat-sen University is a public high school located in Nanzih District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan. It is also an affiliated school of National Sun Yat-sen University - one of top university in Taiwan.
The Kangra Fort is located 20 kilometers from the town of Dharamsala on the outskirts of the town of Kangra, India.
Thiago Neves Fragoso is a Brazilian actor, voice actor and singer.
"Raqhid Jevon Render, known professionally as Lil Keed, is an American rapper, singer and songwriter. He is currently signed to Young Thug's record label YSL Records, as well as 300 Entertainment. His song ""Nameless"" reached number 42 on the Billboard Hip Hop/R&B Songs Airplay chart."
"Roberts Creek is a community in the Sunshine Coast region of British Columbia, Canada. It is located in Area ""D"" of the Sunshine Coast Regional District.
Yank, the Army Weekly was a weekly magazine published by the United States military during World War II.
Acanthion is a subgenus of Old World porcupines in the genus Hystrix. It contains two species, H. javanica and H. brachyura, the smaller species with comparatively smaller nasals. The extant species have only one black ring or coloured part on the quills.
The Deadly Battle at Hicksville is a 1914 American silent short comedy film directed by Marshall Neilan and starring John E. Brennan, Ruth Roland, and Lloyd Hamilton. The film was released by General Film Company on July 31, 1914.
Modesty was an oyster sloop built in 1923 by The Wood and Chute Shipyard of Greenport, Long Island. Modeled after the catboat Honest, which was built in 1892 by Jelle Dykstra on the west bank of Greens Creek, West Sayville, Modesty was built as a gaff-rigged sloop, but retained the extreme beam of a catboat. For auxiliary power, a two-cylinder Gafka gasoline engine was installed.
The DuPont-Guest Estate, now known as the NYIT de Seversky Mansion, is a historic estate located at Brookville in Nassau County, New York. Since 1972, it has been part of the Old Westbury campus of the New York Institute of Technology.
Reyer Anslo was a Dutch poet.
Miyanomae Station is a tram stop on the Tokyo Sakura Tram.
Asaka Station is a railway station on the Tobu Tojo Line in Asaka, Saitama, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Tobu Railway.
Northwest Hills, sometimes referred to as Far West after its main street, is a suburb in the northwestern part of Austin, Texas, United States. The neighborhood is home to the largest concentration of Jewish residents in Austin, and includes a 40-acre complex housing a number of Jewish community organizations, synagogues, and schools.
The Ram pickup is a full-size pickup truck manufactured by FCA US LLC and marketed from 2010 onwards under the Ram Trucks brand. The current fifth-generation Ram debuted at the 2018 North American International Auto Show in Detroit, Michigan, in January of that year.
The Cumberland Inn & Museum, located in Williamsburg, Kentucky, are owned and operated by University of the Cumberlands. The facility opened in May 1994 as a way for Cumberland College to offer its students a positive work experience while promoting the college to visitors.
Giorgio Mariani was an Italian professional footballer who played as a forward or midfielder.
Montriond is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
The Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, often called the Portsmouth Navy Yard, is a United States Navy shipyard located in Kittery on the southern boundary of Maine near the city of Portsmouth, New Hampshire. PNS is tasked with the overhaul, repair, and modernization of US Navy submarines. The facility is sometimes confused with the Norfolk Naval Shipyard in Portsmouth, Virginia.
"Tingha is a small town on the Northern Tablelands, New South Wales, Australia in Inverell Shire. Formerly part of Armidale Region, on 1 July 2019, responsibility for Tingha was transferred from Armidale Regional Council to Inverell Shire Council. The town is 30 kilometres south of Inverell and 629 kilometres north-north-east of Sydney. Tingha is an Aboriginal word for ""flat or level""."
Seleucia in Pieria, also known in English as Seleucia by the Sea, and later named Suedia, was a Hellenistic town, the seaport of Antioch ad Orontes, the Seleucid capital, modern Antakya. The city was built slightly to the north of the estuary of the river Orontes, between small rivers on the western slopes of the Coryphaeus, one of the southern summits of the Amanus Mountains.
Bishopstone Beach Halt was a railway station in East Sussex, England that was opened on 1 June 1864 and closed on 1 January 1942. The station was built on the Seaford Branch Line for residents of the Bishopstone and Tide Mills villages and located on the west side of Mill Drove. The company that operated the trains on opening was the London Brighton & South Coast Railway, later merged into the Southern Railway.
The seventh USS Wasp was the former yacht Columbia, purchased by the U.S. Navy and converted to an armed yacht serving from 1898 to 1919, with service in the Spanish–American War and World War I.
Cortney Tidwell is an American singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.
Covarachía is a town and municipality in the Northern Boyacá Province, part of the Colombian Department of Boyacá. The urban centre is located at 208 kilometres from the department capital Tunja at an altitude of 2,320 metres in the Eastern Ranges of the Colombian Andes. The municipality borders San José de Miranda and Capitanejo in the north, Tipacoque in the south, Capitanejo in the east and in the west the municipalities Onzaga and San Joaquín.
Camp Shorabak is a former British Army airbase, located northwest of the city of Lashkar Gah in Helmand Province, Afghanistan, until 27 October 2014 when the British Army handed over control to the Afghan Ministry of Defense. The base has barracks for the Afghan National Army. Between 2005 and October 2014 it was the logistics hub for International Security Assistance Force operations in Helmand during the War in Afghanistan and Operation Herrick, and it was capable of accommodating over 32,000 people. The camp was built by the British Army and was the largest British overseas military camp built since the Second World War. The base was also home to troops from a number of nations, including the United States and Denmark.
The 2003 Pacific typhoon season was a slightly below average yearlong period of tropical cyclogenesis exhibiting the development of 45 tropical depressions, of which 21 became named storms; of those, 14 became typhoons. Though every month with the exception of February and March featured tropical activity, most storms developed from May through October. During the season, tropical cyclones affected the Philippines, Japan, China, the Korean Peninsula, Indochina, and various islands in the western Pacific.
Sainte-Béatrix is a municipality in the Lanaudière region of Quebec, Canada, part of the Matawinie Regional County Municipality.
David Onri Anderson is a Tennessee-born painter, musician and curator of French/Algerian ancestry, who emerged from the Nashville arts community in the mid-1990s. His large scale paintings are heavily influenced by nature, eastern Tantra artwork and Cosmic Philosophy and are sometimes accompanied by installation elements such as raw earth. His works frequently explore the spaces between oneness and variation. In 2016, he was awarded the Anny Gowa Purchase Award from Watkins College of Art, Design & Film and in 2017 considered by the publication Nashville Scene as Best Emerging Painter.
Giuseppe Francica-Nava de Bontifè was an Italian Cardinal of the Catholic Church who served as Archbishop of Catania from 1895 until his death, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1899.
The Bucovina Shepherd Dog is one of the largest and most powerful rustic livestock guardian dogs and has strong guard dog qualities. It was developed over many centuries by shepherds in the Carpathian Mountains. The race was developed in Bucovina, a region in the north of Romania.
The Argentine general election of 1958 was held on 23 February. Voters chose both the President and their legislators and with a turnout of 90.9%, it produced the following results:
Jetichov is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
Sibalom, officially the Municipality of Sibalom, is a 2nd class municipality in the province of Antique, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 60,306 people.
Anne Douglas Savage was a Canadian painter and art teacher known for her lyrical, rhythmic landscapes. She was a founding member of the Canadian Group of Painters.
The Landquart-Davos G 2x2/2, also known as the Rhaetian Railway G 2x2/2, and, from 1910–1911, as the Rhaetian Railway G 2/3+2/2, was a two-member class of metre gauge Mallet-type steam locomotives manufactured by J. A. Maffei in Munich, Germany.
The Acorn Electron is a budget version of the BBC Micro educational/home computer made by Acorn Computers Ltd. It has 32 kilobytes of RAM, and its ROM includes BBC BASIC v2 along with its operating system.
The Tswana are a Bantu-speaking ethnic group who are native to Southern Africa. The Tswana language is a member of Sotho-Tswana language group which belongs to the Bantu language family group. Both Northern Sotho and Sesotho derive from the Setswana language and the people speaking these languages are an offshoot of the tswana people. Ethnic Tswana made up approximately 85% of the population of Botswana in 2011.
Mohamed Fadhel Ben Achour was a Tunisian theologian, writer, trade unionist, intellectual and patriot born in La Marsa.
Henry County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2010, 49,462 people lived there. The county seat and largest and only city is New Castle.
The Junction Railroad was a railroad created in 1860 to connect lines west of downtown Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and allow north-south traffic through the metropolitan area for the first time.
St. Paul's Church is a Reformed Church in Basel, Switzerland, part of the Evangelical-Reformed Church of the Canton Basel-Stadt. The church was constructed between May 1898 and November 1901 by Karl Moser and Robert Curjel, and features a Neo-Romanesque architectural style. The apse is fitted with a stone pulpit that is raised behind a stone communion table. The apse also features a gallery, with a central arch behind the pulpit, in which the organ and choir are placed. It features artwork in Art Nouveau style including relief work on the church exterior above the main entrance by sculptor Carl Burckhardt, mosaics on the inner front wall by Heinrich Altherr and stained glass windows by Max Laeuger.
María Isabel Rodríguez is a Salvadoran physician, academic, and government official. In 1956 she became one of the first group of four women to enter the Legislative Assembly. From 1999 to 2007, she was the rector of the University of El Salvador. She was appointed El Salvador's Minister of Health in 2009, a position she held until 2014. She is currently the Presidential Advisor on Health and Education.
Gyrinops walla is a species in the genus Gyrinops of the family Thymelaeaceae. It was described by Joseph Gaertner. The tree grows up to 15 m high. Its bark is thin and brownish-grey color. Leaves are 1–6 mm long and yellowish-white flower's pedicels are 3–4 mm long.
Joanna of Aragon was the second child of Peter IV of Aragon and his first wife Maria of Navarre. She was an Infanta of Aragon by birth and Countess of Ampurias by her marriage. She was a member of the House of Aragon.
The Centre City Building is an historic building at 36-44 South Main Street at the corner of East Fourth Street in downtown Dayton, Ohio. It was designed by Charles Herby and built in 1904 by the F.A. Requarth Co. for the sum of $305,000 as the headquarters of the Church of the United Brethren in Christ Christian denomination. Originally 14 stories, it was the tallest building in Dayton from 1904 until 1931. A 7-story tower portion was completed in 1927, capped by a chapel for the Church, making it 21 stories total.
Angelo Maria Amorevoli was a leading Italian tenor in Baroque opera.
Michael J. Brady is an American professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent. He previously played in Major League Baseball for the Oakland Athletics.
Linn Creek is a city in Camden County, Missouri, United States. The population was 244 at the 2010 census.
Green Oak Charter Township is a charter township of Livingston County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the township population was 17,476. In September 2005, the township board voted to incorporate as a charter township, becoming the second charter township in Livingston County.
Brian Anthony Bruney is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball for the Arizona Diamondbacks, New York Yankees, Washington Nationals, and Chicago White Sox. He won the 2009 World Series with the Yankees, beating the Philadelphia Phillies.
The Nova Park is a property development project in Taipa, Macau and scheduled for completion in 4th quarter 2014.
Elis Ligtlee is a Dutch track cyclist. She represented her nation at the 2014 and 2015 UCI Track Cycling World Championships. She won the gold medal in the Keirin race at the 2016 Summer Olympics. Following her Olympic victory, Ligtlee was officially inducted to the Knight of the Order of Orange-Nassau.
Vratnik, also Stari grad Vratnik, is one of the oldest neighborhoods in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Macedonian Heraldry Society is the only professional body in the field of heraldry, vexillology, phaleristics, chivalristics and nobiliar issues in North Macedonia. The society was founded on 2 July 2003 in Skopje.
Bailrigg is the campus of Lancaster University, in the City of Lancaster, Lancashire, England, 4 km south of the centre of Lancaster. The student radio station Bailrigg FM is named after the site.
Marie Madeleine Seebold Molinary was an American painter known for her still life paintings and landscapes.
The Ushayka is a river in Russia, right tributary of the Tom. Its length is 78 kilometres. It has a drainage basin of 744 square kilometres. Its source is in the Kuznetsk Alatau, and it flows through the territory of Tomsk Oblast. It flows into the Tom approximately through the central part of Tomsk.
Anse is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Peter Mikael Enckelman is a retired Finnish footballer who played as a goalkeeper. Enckelman represented Finland and previously played for TPS Turku, Aston Villa, Blackburn Rovers, Cardiff City, St Johnstone and Heart of Midlothian.
The Royal Aircraft Factory F.E.8 was a British single-seat fighter of the First World War designed at the Royal Aircraft Factory. Although a clean and well designed little aeroplane for a pusher, it could not escape the drag penalty imposed by its tail structure and was no match for the Albatros fighters of late 1916.
The Auckland War Memorial Museum Tmaki Paenga Hira is one of New Zealand's most important museums and war memorials. Its collections concentrate on New Zealand history, natural history, and military history.
Nico Jansen is an Dutch former professional footballer who played for FC Amsterdam, Feyenoord, RWD Molenbeek, Londerzeel, and Boom FC as well as the Netherlands national team.
Revolution of Trujillo was a social and political conflict in Peru which began in Trujillo city on July 6, 1932. It started with an uprising led by Manuel Barreto, against President Luis Miguel Sánchez Cerro
Carl Wentzel-Teutschenthal was a German farmer and agricultural contractor. He was executed at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin following the 20 July plot to assassinate Adolf Hitler.
Betws is a small village and community on the River Amman, some 15 miles north of Swansea, Wales; it is part of the ecclesiastical parish of Betws and Ammanford, and the urban area of Ammanford. The nearby mountain, at the western end of the Black Mountain, is named after the village, and has a large area of common land.
Massey is a north-western suburb in the city of Auckland, New Zealand. It was formerly a northern suburb of Waitakere City, which existed from 1989 to 2010 before the city was amalgamated into Auckland Council. The suburb was named after former Prime Minister of New Zealand William Massey. Massey is a relatively large suburb and can be divided into three reasonably distinctive areas, Massey West, Massey East and Massey North. Parts of Massey East are also known as 'Royal Heights', which is home to the Royal Heights shopping centre.
"Inussulissuaq Island is a small uninhabited island in the Melville Bay region of the Upernavik Archipelago in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland. The name of the island means ""a large cairn"" in the Greenlandic language."
The Embassy of Azerbaijan in Moscow is the diplomatic mission of the Republic of Azerbaijan to the Russian Federation. It is located at 16 Leontyevsky Lane in the Presnensky District of Moscow.
Picarones are a Peruvian dessert that originated in Lima during the viceroyalty. It is somewhat similar to buñuelos, a type of doughnut brought to the colonies by Spanish conquistadors. Its principal ingredients are squash and sweet potato. It is served in a doughnut form and covered with syrup, made from chancaca. It is traditional to serve picarones when people prepare anticuchos, another traditional Peruvian dish.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Santo Domingo is a Latin Metropolitan Archdiocese in the Dominican Republic. The see was erected 8 August 1511 as the Diocese of Santo Domingo and elevated to archdiocese on 12 February 1546.
Parnas is the northern terminus of the Moskovsko-Petrogradskaya Line of the Saint Petersburg Metro. It was opened on 22 December 2006 and is located between the tunnel portal and the Vyborgskoye Metro Depot. It is the northernmost subway station in Saint Petersburg and in Russia.
Sydney Gardens is a public open space at the end of Great Pulteney Street in Bath, Somerset, England. The gardens are the only remaining eighteenth-century pleasure gardens in the country. They are Grade II listed on the Register of Historic Parks and Gardens of special historic interest in England.
Mini Mansions are an American band founded by Zach Dawes, Tyler Parkford, and Queens of the Stone Age bassist Michael Shuman. Mini Mansions' style has been compared to The Beatles, Elliott Smith, and Fountains of Wayne.
Leland is a city in Winnebago County, Iowa, United States. The population was 289 at the 2010 census.
Tuek Phos District is a district in the west of Kampong Chhnang Province, in central Cambodia. The district capital is Tuek Phos town located on the rail line some 28 kilometres south west of the provincial capital of Kampong Chhnang by road. The district shares a border with Pursat and Kampong Speu provinces to the west. The National Railway line from Phnom Penh to Sisophon runs through the district entering in the south and exiting in the north west.
The Meta River is a major left tributary of the Orinoco River in eastern Colombia and southern Venezuela, South America. The Meta originates in the Eastern Ranges of the Andes and flows through the Meta Department, Colombia as the confluence of the Humea, Guatiquía and Guayuriba rivers. It flows east-northeastward across the Llanos Orientales of Colombia following the direction of the Meta Fault. The Meta forms the northern boundary of Vichada Department, first with Casanare Department, then with Arauca Department, and finally with Venezuela, down to Puerto Carreño where it flows into the Orinoco.
Maizuru is a city in Kyoto Prefecture, Japan, on an inlet of the Sea of Japan. The city was founded on May 27, 1943.
Unley Park is a southern suburb of Adelaide in the City of Unley. Its postcode is 5061.
Altstätten Stadt railway station is a railway station in Altstätten, in the Swiss canton of St. Gallen. It is the eastern terminus of the 1,000 mm metre gauge Altstätten–Gais line and is served by local trains only. The station is located in the town center; another station, Altstätten SG, is an intermediate stop on the 1,435 mm standard gauge Chur–Rorschach line with additional local and long-distance services. The stations are approximately 1.6 kilometres apart and linked by bus.
The West School is a historic school building at 106 Bedford Street in Burlington, Massachusetts. The one-room schoolhouse was built in 1794–5, when the area was still part of Woburn. The building was originally located in what is now Simonds Park in the center of Burlington, but was moved to its present location in 1839 to serve as the school for the western part of town. It served as a public school at 1897. After serving for a time as a garage, the building was rehabilitated by the local historical society in 1964. Of four Woburn-built 18th century school buildings in Burlington, this is the only one to survive. The building is a well-preserved example of Federal and Greek Revival styling.
The Geschützwagen Tiger was a German self-propelled gun of World War II that never saw service.
Yin Lihua, formally Empress Guanglie, was an empress during the Eastern Han Dynasty. She was the second empress of her husband Emperor Guangwu, even though she married him as his wife before his first empress, Guo Shengtong, did. She was famed for her beauty and meekness.
Lewis Township is one of the sixteen townships of Brown County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 2,697 people in the township, 2,446 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Yerong Creek is a town in the Riverina area of southern New South Wales, Australia. It is about 46 kilometres south-west of Wagga Wagga on the Olympic Highway. At the 2016 census, Yerong Creek had a population of 173.
The arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou is an arrondissement of France, in the Eure-et-Loir department of the Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Nogent-le-Rotrou.
The Flatside Wilderness is a rugged 9,507-acre protected area in the U.S. state of Arkansas. It is one of six wilderness areas in the Ouachita National Forest and also the easternmost. Outdoor enthusiasts can enjoy the area in a number of ways, including an 8.9-mile hike of the Ouachita National Recreation Trail.
Sabatier is a small lunar impact crater that is located near the eastern limb of the Moon, at the southwestern fringes of the Mare Marginis.
Do-Dodonpa, formerly known as Dodonpa, is a steel roller coaster located at Fuji-Q Highland in Fujiyoshida, Yamanashi, Japan. Manufactured by S&S – Sansei Technologies, the launched coaster uses compressed air to propel its trains. It opened on 21 December 2001 as the fastest roller coaster in the world with the fastest acceleration, reaching a top speed of 172 km/h in 1.8 seconds. The fastest speed record was previously held by Superman: The Escape and Tower of Terror, both of which accelerated to 160.9 km/h in 7 seconds. The ride was refurbished in 2017, removing the top hat element in favor of a vertical loop and increasing its speed and acceleration to 180 km/h in 1.6 seconds. Steel fabrication was provided by Intermountain Lift, Inc.
St. Andrew's Hospital was a general hospital situated in Dollis Hill in north west London.
Sphaeridium is a genus of beetles in the family Hydrophilidae, the water scavenger beetles. They occur in Europe, and some species have been introduced to North America.
French submarine Naïade was an early submarine built for the French Navy at the beginning of the 20th century. She was of the Romazotti type, and the name ship of her class. Naiade remained in service until just prior to the outbreak of World War I.
The Riyadh Province is a province of Saudi Arabia, also called Al-Wosta, located in the center of the country. It has an area of 404,240 km² and a population of 8,216,284, making it the second-largest province in terms of both area and population. Its capital is the city of Riyadh, which is also the national capital. More than 75% of the population of the province resides within Riyadh. According to the 2004 census, 1,728,840 of the province's population is non-Saudi, with 1,444,500 of those living within the provincial capital, Riyadh.
The Black Cat is a 1934 American pre-Code horror film directed by Edgar G. Ulmer and starring Boris Karloff and Béla Lugosi. The picture was the first of eight films to feature the two iconic actors. It became Universal Pictures' biggest box office hit of the year, and was among the earlier movies with an almost continuous music score. Lugosi also appeared in the 1941 film with the same title.
Arbuzynka Raion is located in Mykolaiv Oblast of Ukraine. Its administrative center is the urban-type settlement of Arbuzynka. Population: 20,352
Alfonso “Sete” Benavides López de Ayala is a Spanish sprint canoeist. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's C-1 200 metres.
The knob-billed duck, or African comb duck, is a duck found in tropical wetlands in Sub-Saharan Africa, Madagascar and south Asia from Pakistan to Laos and extreme southern China.
Alken is a railway station in the municipality of Alken, Limburg, Belgium. The station opened on 8 December 1847 and is located on line 21. The train services are operated by National Railway Company of Belgium.
Dixon Lane-Meadow Creek is a census-designated place in Inyo County, California, United States. The population was 2,645 at the 2010 census, down from 2,702 at the 2000 census.
Fogars de la Selva is a municipality in the comarca of the Selva in Catalonia, Spain. It is situated to the north of the Montnegre range, and is linked to Tordera by a local road. The village used to be called Fogars de Tordera, and is the only municipality in the Selva to be part of the province of Barcelona rather than the province of Girona.
The Den is a football stadium in Bermondsey, south-east London, and the home of Millwall Football Club. It is adjacent to the South London railway originating at London Bridge, and a quarter of a mile from the Old Den, which it replaced in 1993. Built on a previous site of housing, a church and the Senegal Fields playgrounds, it has an all-seated capacity of 20,146, although that is restricted to approximately 18,100 to allow for visiting fans segregation and crowd safety measures. The highest match attendance in the 2018-19 season was 17,195. The Den is the sixth stadium that Millwall have occupied since their formation in the Millwall area of the Isle of Dogs in 1885. Previous grounds include Glengall Road, Lord Nelson Ground, The Athletic Grounds, North Greenwich and The Old Den.
Chiinu International Airport is Moldova's main international airport, located 13 km southeast of the centre of Chiinu, the capital city. It serves as headquarters for Air Moldova, the country's national airline. The IATA airport code KIV is derived from Kishinev.
Carabayllo is one of the 43 districts of the province Lima in Peru. It is located in the Cono Norte area of the province and was founded by General José de San Martín in August 1821 at which time it was the only district to occupy the area north of the Rímac River up to the province Canta.
Clipston is a village and civil parish that is administered as part of the Daventry district of Northamptonshire in England. The population of the civil parish at the 2011 census was 643. The town of Market Harborough is much nearer, about 4 miles north-east and so the village may be regarded as an economic satellite of that town rather than Daventry. At the time of the 2001 census, the parish had a population of 613 people.
Basel St. Johann railway station is a railway station in inner-city Basel, Switzerland. It is an intermediate stop on the standard gauge Strasbourg–Basel line of SNCF.
The Humor is a left tributary of the river Moldova in Romania. It discharges into the Moldova in Gura Humorului. Its length is 26 km and its basin size is 106 km².
Laura a její tygi is a Czech musical group influenced by the funk, soul, jazz and rock.
"Thomas Jefferson ""Tom"" Jeffords was a United States Army scout, Indian agent, prospector, and superintendent of overland mail in the Arizona Territory. His friendship with Apache leader Cochise was instrumental in ending the Indian wars in that region. He first met Cochise when he rode alone into Cochise's camp in 1871 to request that the chief come to Canada Alamosa for peace talks. Cochise declined at least in part because he was afraid to travel with his family after the recent Camp Grant Massacre. Three months later he made the trip and stayed for over six months during which time their friendship grew while the negotiations failed. Cochise was unwilling to accept the Tularosa Valley as his reservation and home. In October 1872, Jeffords led General Oliver O. Howard to Cochise's Stronghold, believed to be China Meadow, in the Dragoon Mountains. Cochise demanded and got the Dragoon and Chiricahua Mountains as his reservation and Tom Jeffords as his agent. From 1872 to 1876, there was peace in southern Arizona. Then renegade Apaches killed Nicholas Rogers who had sold them whiskey and the cry went out to abolish the reservation and remove Jeffords as agent."
Lake Untersee is the largest surface freshwater lake in the interior of the Gruber Mountains of central Queen Maud Land in East Antarctica. It is situated 90 kilometres to the southwest of the Schirmacher Oasis. The lake is approximately 6.5 kilometres long and 2.5 kilometres wide, with a surface area of 11.4 square kilometres, and a maximum depth of 169 metres. The lake is permanently covered with ice and is partly bounded by glacier ice.
Wrightstown Township is a township in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 2,995 at the 2010 census.
Fresnes is a commune in the Val-de-Marne department in the southern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located 11.2 km from the center of Paris, next to Antony, Sceaux and Rungis. It is drained by the River Bièvre.
Eagle Township is one of the seventeen townships of Hancock County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census the population was 1,084, down from 1,195 at the 2000 census.
Arthur River is a small town located in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, between Williams and Kojonup on the Albany Highway.
The giant forest hog, the only member of its genus, is native to wooded habitats in Africa and is generally considered the largest wild member of the pig family, Suidae; however, a few subspecies of the wild boar can reach an even larger size. Despite its large size and relatively wide distribution, it was first described only in 1904. The specific name honours Richard Meinertzhagen, who shot the type specimen in Kenya and had it shipped to the Natural History Museum in England.
The Governor-General of Grenada has been the representative of the Grenadian monarch since the country's independence from the United Kingdom in 1974.
Oettingen in Bayern is a town in the Donau-Ries district, in Swabia, Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 29 km northwest of Donauwörth, and 14 km northeast of Nördlingen.
James Rodwell is an English professional rugby sevens player who was part of the national squad from 2008 to 2019. He ended his career with records as the Worlds most capped sevens player, having played in the most consecutive tournaments and most tournaments in the World Rugby Sevens Series.
Aspremont-Lynden Castle is a castle in Oud-Rekem in the municipality of Lanaken, province of Limburg, Belgium.
The CAL was a Belgian weapon manufactured by Fabrique Nationale. It was the first 5.56 mm rifle produced by the Fabrique Nationale. It resembled the company's highly successful FN FAL, but was an original design. Unlike the FAL, it was a market failure, although its development led to the reasonably successful FN FNC.
Jhonatan Solano is a Colombian professional baseball catcher who is a free agent. He has played in Major League Baseball for the Washington Nationals and Miami Marlins. He made his MLB debut in 2012.
Aurachtal is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.
Neriamangalam is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
Jilin City Is the second-largest city and former capital of Jilin province in northeast China. As of the 2010 census, 4,413,517 people resided within its administrative area of 27,166.37 square kilometres and 1,975,121 in its built-up area consisting of four urban districts. A prefecture-level city, it is the only major city nationally that shares its name with its province.
Acacia castanostegia is a shrub belonging to the genus Acacia and the subgenus Phyllodineae. It is native to an area in the Wheatbelt and the Goldfields-Esperance regions of Western Australia.
"The 369th Rifle Division began forming on August 1, 1941, as a standard Red Army rifle division, in the Chelyabinsk Oblast. After forming, it was assigned to the 39th Army which soon became part of Kalinin Front, and it participated in the near-encirclement of the German 9th Army around Rzhev in the winter counteroffensive of 1941-42. In late January, 1942, it was transferred to the 29th Army of the same Front, which was very soon after encircled by German forces near Sychevka, and while it was written off by German intelligence in February, enough of the division escaped that it was not officially disbanded. By August it returned to battle, now in 30th Army of Western Front, still fighting near Rzhev. After the salient was finally evacuated in the spring of 1943 the division was moved to Bryansk Front, first in 11th Army and then in 50th Army, under which it served for most of the war. In the summer counteroffensive the 369th was awarded the battle honor ""Karachev"" for its part in the liberation of that city. At the start of Operation Bagration the division was in 2nd Belorussian Front and its commander, Maj. Gen. I. S."
Pasco is a city in, and the county seat of, Franklin County, Washington, United States. It had a population of 59,781 at the 2010 census, and 75,432 as of the July 1, 2019 Census Bureau estimate.
The Faculty of History is one of the faculties of the Moscow State University. Established at 1934 on the base of the Historical-philological faculty of the university. The dean of the faculty was Sergey Karpov.
Chignik Lake is a census-designated place in Lake and Peninsula Borough, Alaska, United States. It is 475 miles southwest of Anchorage. At the 2010 census the population was 73.
James Allen Nussle is an American businessman and retired politician who has been president and chief executive officer of the Credit Union National Association since 2014. A member of the Republican Party, Nussle served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1991 to 2007, was the Republican nominee for the 2006 Iowa gubernatorial election, losing to Democrat Chet Culver, before his appointment as Director of the Office of Management and Budget in 2007 by President George W. Bush, an office he retained until 2009.
The commandery of Saint-Jean-d'Acre is a monumental complex founded by the Hospitallers. It is located in the city of Saint-Jean-d'Acre. In the 13th century, the commandery became the siege of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem until the fall of the city in 1291.
Kogalym Airport is an airport in Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug, Russia located 9 km southeast of Kogalym. It accommodates medium-sized airliners.
James Robert Chisholm is an English professional rugby union player, currently playing for Harlequins in the Gallagher Premiership. His primary position is Number Eight, but he can also play at flanker.
Hayley Taylor-Young is an Australian soccer player. She plays for Canberra United in the W-League. She is a graduate of their pathway program and had a breakout season with the Canberra United Academy in 2019, after which she was signed by the senior team for the 2019–20 W-League season.
"The National Farmers' Bank of Owatonna, Minnesota, United States, is a historic bank building designed by Louis Sullivan, with decorative elements by George Elmslie. It was built in 1908, and was the first of Sullivan's ""jewel box"" bank designs. The building is clad in red brick with green terra cotta bands, and features two large arches on its street-facing facades. Single-story wings, originally housing bank offices, extend along each side. Internal elements include two stained-glass windows designed by Louis J. Millet, a mural by Oskar Gross, and four immense cast iron electroliers designed by Elmslie and cast by Winslow Brothers Company.
Milwaukie Riverfront Park is an 8.5-acre park adjacent to downtown Milwaukie, Oregon, United States.
Perštejn is a municipality and village and municipality in Chomutov District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 1,100 inhabitants.
Zhang Jigang is an internationally acclaimed Chinese choreographer and a Lieutenant General in the People's Liberation Army. He was the former director of the Song and Dance Ensemble with the People's Liberation Army before promotion in 2006. Zhang Jigang now holds the highest non-combat military officer rank in China.
Lookout Mountain is a city entirely within Walker County, Georgia, United States. Bordering its sister city of Lookout Mountain, Tennessee, Lookout Mountain is part of the Chattanooga metropolitan statistical area. The population was 1,602 at the 2010 census. The city is located on Lookout Mountain, home to such attractions as Rock City. This city is often named as home to Covenant College, but the college is actually across the county line in Dade County.
Latrobe is an Amtrak train station located about 40 miles east of Pittsburgh at 329 McKinley Avenue, Latrobe, Pennsylvania. The station is near the center of the city, and is currently served only by Amtrak's Pennsylvanian, which operates once per day in each direction. Until 2005, Latrobe was served by a second daily train, the Three Rivers, an extended version of the Pennsylvanian that terminated in Chicago. Upon its cancellation, the sole Pennsylvanian marked the first time in Latrobe's railway history that the town was served by just a single, daily passenger train.
The Samuel Gaut House is a historic house at 137 Highland Avenue in Somerville, Massachusetts. The 2 ¹-story wood-frame house was built c. 1855 for Samuel Gaut, a baker, and is a well-preserved example of a typical Italianate house. It is three bays wide with a typical Italianate center gable, which is studded with brackets and has a trefoil window in the peak. The side gables have round-arch windows, and the building is topped by an octagonal cupola with a belled finial.
Zongzi or simply zong is a traditional Chinese rice dish made of glutinous rice stuffed with different fillings and wrapped in bamboo leaves, or sometimes with reed or other large flat leaves. They are cooked by steaming or boiling. In the Western world, they are also known as rice dumplings or sticky rice dumplings.
Tianhe Sports Center Station is a station on Line 1 of the Guangzhou Metro that started operations on 28 June 1999. It is situated under Tiyu East Road next to the Tianhe Sports Center in the Tianhe District, near Guangzhou Computer Town.
Atticora is a genus of bird in the swallow family Hirundinidae. These species are found in South America.
The Bust of Maurice Haquette is an 1883 bronze sculpture by the French artist Auguste Rodin, measuring 53.5 by 26.7 by 41.1 cm.
Beresteiska is a station on Kiev Metro's Sviatoshynsko-Brovarska Line. The station was opened in 1971 as part of the second stage of the Sviatoshynsky radius.
Neaufles-Auvergny is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Nugget Mountain is a 5,587 ft glaciated mountain summit located in the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains, in the U.S. state of Alaska. The peak is situated near the southern periphery of the Juneau Icefield, 2.15 mi northwest of Split Thumb, 5.4 mi east of Bullard Mountain, and 9 mi northeast of Juneau. Nugget Mountain rises above the northeast end of Heintzleman Ridge, and 4.15 mi east-southeast of Nugget Towers. Nugget Mountain is set south of the head of the Nugget Glacier, and west of Norris Glacier, on land managed by Tongass National Forest. Nugget Creek and Lemon Creek drain precipitation runoff from the west and south slopes of the peak. This peak's local name was published in 1962 by the U.S. Geological Survey.
Azay-sur-Indre is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
The Wilson Cup is the championship and trophy awarded annually to the Ontario University Athletics men's basketball champion. The championship is played at the home of the highest remaining playoff seed from either the East or West Division, depending on the year.
283 Emma is a large asteroid of the asteroid belt and the namesake of the Emma family. It was discovered by Auguste Charlois on 8 February 1889, in Nice, France. The reason for its name is unknown.
Air Marshal Edward Jackson Stringer, CB, CBE is a senior Royal Air Force officer. Since April 2018, he has been Director General of the Defence Academy and of Joint Force Development, Strategic Command. He served as Assistant Chief of the Air Staff from April 2013 to January 2015, and as Assistant Chief of the Defence Staff from March 2015 to 2018.
Zvi Yehezkeli is an Israeli television journalist and documentarian. He is an Arab affairs correspondent and head of the Arab desk at Israeli News 10, the news division of Israel 10.
The kinkajou is a mammal of the family Procyonidae and it is related to the raccoon, coati, olingo, raingtail and cacomistle. It lives in the rainforests of South America and Central America, and spends most of its time on trees. It can eat both meat and plants and has a gripping tail that can be used like an arm. It is an endangered species because it is being hunted for its fur, meat and to be illegally sold as pets.
"Marc Broussard is an American singer-songwriter. His style is best described as ""Bayou Soul"", a mix of funk, blues, R&B, rock, and pop, matched with distinct Southern roots. He has released eight studio albums, one live album, three EPs, and has charted twice on Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks."
The R62 is a New York City Subway car model built between 1983 and 1985 by Kawasaki Heavy Industries in Kobe, Japan for the A Division. A total of 325 cars were built, all arranged as five-car sets. The cars replaced the remaining R12s, R14s and R15s, which were all retired by the end of 1984.
Tatsuya Nakamura is a Japanese musician, drummer, actor and founder of Japanese band LOSALIOS.
Daniel Gregory Szetela is an American soccer player who plays for New York Cosmos in the National Independent Soccer Association.
Bloomfield is a New Jersey Transit station in Bloomfield, New Jersey along the Montclair-Boonton Line. The station is located in downtown Bloomfield, the second within the municipality, just west of Bloomfield Avenue. This is the second station served on the line after Newark Broad Street Station after Watssesing Avenue station.
St. Joseph's Home for the Aged is located at No. 35 Clear Water Bay Road, Ngau Chi Wan, Wong Tai Sin, New Kowloon, Hong Kong. The site spans 230,000 square feet.
Bleikvassli Church is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Hemnes Municipality in Nordland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Bleikvasslia. It is the church for the Bleikvassli parish which is part of the Indre Helgeland prosti in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The red, wooden church was built in a long church style in 1955 by the architect Torgeir Alvsaker. The church seats about 190 people.
Mondonville-Saint-Jean is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.
Settlers, Rails & Trails Inc. is a community-run, non-profit museum located in Argyle, Manitoba. It exhibits local history, railway and agricultural artifacts and historical information, and it is also home to the Canadian Flag Collection. Argyle is governed by the Rural Municipality of Rockwood, and is located approximately 28 km northwest of Winnipeg, within the Manitoba Capital Region.
Laryngoscopy is endoscopy of the larynx, a part of the throat. It is a medical procedure that is used to obtain a view, for example, of the vocal folds and the glottis. Laryngoscopy may be performed to facilitate tracheal intubation during general anaesthesia or cardiopulmonary resuscitation or for surgical procedures on the larynx or other parts of the upper tracheobronchial tree.
Julien Vauclair is a Swiss former professional ice hockey defenseman who spent most of his career with HC Lugano in the National League. He made his professional debut in 1996 with HC Ajoie in Switzerland's second tier, Swiss League. He spent three seasons within the Ottawa Senators organization of the National Hockey League. The Senators selected him 74th overall in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
Zubovo-Polyansky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the twenty-two in the Republic of Mordovia, Russia. It is located in the west of the republic. The area of the district is 2,710 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the urban locality of Zubova Polyana. As of the 2010 Census, the total population of the district was 59,256, with the population of Zubova Polyana accounting for 17.5% of that number.
Freedom is a borough in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, United States, located along the Ohio River 25 miles northwest of Pittsburgh. In the early years of the twentieth century, chief industries included the production of oil, caskets, and monuments. Today, Freedom is considered a northern suburb of Greater Pittsburgh. The population was 1,569 at the 2010 census.
Nawabzada Liaquat Ali Khan, widely known as Quaid-e-Millat and Shaheed-e-Millat, was a Pakistani politician who was one of the leading founding fathers of Pakistan. A statesman, lawyer, and political theorist, he became the first Prime Minister of Pakistan; he also held cabinet portfolio as the first foreign, defence, and the frontier regions minister from 1947 until his assassination in 1951. Prior to the partition, Khan briefly tenured as the first finance minister in the interim government led by its Governor General Mountbatten.
Henry Fielding was an English novelist and dramatist known for his earthy humour and satire, and as the author of the comic novel Tom Jones. He and Samuel Richardson are seen as founders of the traditional English novel. He also holds a place in the history of law enforcement by using his authority as a magistrate to found the Bow Street Runners, which some have called London's first active police force.
Billy Roe, is a former driver in the Indy Racing League. He raced in the 1997–1998 and 2000–2002 seasons with 16 career starts, including 2 at the Indianapolis 500. His best IRL finish was a 12th place at Nashville Speedway in 2001. In the 1997 Las Vegas Motor Speedway race, he fielded his own car. Prior to racing in the IRL he competed in Toyota Atlantic from 1991 to 1995, however, he never competed in more than 3 races in a single season. He also competed in 2 Indy Lights races in 1992. After racing in the IRL he competed in the 2003 and 2004 seasons of the Infiniti Pro Series, finishing 16th and 10th in points. Billy Roe established Indianapolis Motor Speedway's first official electric car lap record of 106.897 mph on May 7, 2011 - first lap, first time around, in the Brawner Hawk EX-11.
Årnes Station is a railway station located in Årnes in Nes, Norway, on the Kongsvinger Line. The station was built in 1862 as part of Kongsvingerbanen. The station is served hourly by the Oslo Commuter Rail line 460 operated by the Norwegian State Railways, in addition to extra rush-hour trains and express trains to Kongsvinger and Sweden. Most commuter trains terminate at Årnes.
Jay Nilsson is a former minor league baseball player for the Gulf Coast Indians. He is the son of Bob Nilsson, a top Australian league reliever of the 1990s. Jay's uncle David Nilsson was the first Australian All-Star in the major leagues. His other uncles Gary Nilsson and Ron Nilsson also played in Australia; Gary spent one year in the minor leagues.
The Kuikuro are an indigenous people from the Mato Grosso region of Brazil. Their language, Kuikuro, is a part of the Carib language family. The Kuikuro have many similarities with other Xingu tribes. They have a population of 592 in 2010, up from 450 in 2002.
Gettysburg is a village in Darke County, Ohio, United States. The population was 513 at the 2010 census.
Eliza was a merchant ship built at Prince Edward Island, Canada in 1824. She made one voyage transporting convicts from Hobart Town to Sydney, and two to the Swan River Colony. She was last listed in 1843.
Indonesians in Taiwan form one of the island's larger communities of foreign residents. There are 144,651 people who have nationality of the Republic of Indonesia reside in Taiwan as of December 2010. This includes 19,554 males and 125,097 females, with 136,679 people serving as foreign laborers.
Old Jewry is a one-way street in the City of London, the historic and financial centre of London. It is located within Coleman Street ward and links Poultry to Gresham Street.
NGC 5643 is an intermediate spiral galaxy in constellation Lupus. It is located at a distance of circa 60 million light years from Earth, which, given its apparent dimensions, means that NGC 5643 is about 100,000 light years across. NGC 5643 has an active galactic nucleus and is a type II Seyfert galaxy.
The CG Railway is a terminal railroad as reported by the Association of American Railroads. The CGR is headquartered in Mobile, Alabama, and is owned and operated by a 50/50 joint venture between SEACOR Holdings and Genesee & Wyoming. The railroad operates an approximate 900-mile train ferry between the Port of Mobile at Mobile, Alabama, and the Port of Coatzacoalcos in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz. It began operations in 2000 out of Mobile, Alabama. In 2004 the railroad moved its American port to New Orleans, Louisiana. The Port of New Orleans facility was heavily damaged by Hurricane Katrina in 2005. In 2007 the Alabama State Port Authority agreed to construct a state of the art $19 million rail-ferry terminal at the Port of Mobile. The CGR connects with CSX Transportation, Norfolk Southern, BNSF Railway, Canadian National Railway, and Alabama Gulf Coast Railway all at Mobile, Alabama, and Ferrocarril del Sureste at Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz. T
Backnang is a town in Germany, in the Bundesland of Baden-Württemberg, 27 km northeast of Stuttgart. Its population has grown over the past century or so, from 7,650 to 35,761.
Ng Chee Peng is a Singaporean former naval admiral. He was the Chief of the Republic of Singapore Navy from 2011–2014 and held the rank of Rear-Admiral. He was the Chief Executive Officer of the Central Provident Fund Board.
Prunus kinabaluensis is a species of plant in the family Rosaceae. It is found in Malaysia and the Philippines.
The Siege of Maastricht took place in April–May 1748 during the War of the Austrian Succession. A French force under the overall command of Maurice de Saxe besieged and captured the Dutch barrier fortress of Maastricht in the final few months of the campaign in the Low Countries. After a relatively long siege the garrison of Maastricht capitulated and marched out with the honours of war. Maastricht was returned along with France's conquests in the Austrian Netherlands according to the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle signed in 1748.
Minamitane is a town located on Tanegashima, in Kumage District, Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan.
Mary Anne Estlin was a British abolitionist and leading figure in anti-slavery and anti-prostitution campaigns in Britain.
Prince Dimitri Zedginidze-Amilakhvari, more commonly known as Dimitri Amilakhvari was a French military officer and Lieutenant Colonel of the French Foreign Legion, of Georgian origin who played an influential role in the French Resistance against Nazi occupation in World War II, and became an iconic figure of the Free French Forces.
The 2007 European Short Course Swimming Championships, which was the 11th edition of the continental swimming event, were held between 13–16 December 2007 in Debrecen, Hungary. The championships were swum in the Debrecen Swimming Pool Complex, in a short course pool.
Leon Carroll Marshall was an American economist, Professor of Political Economy and fourth dean of the Booth School of Business from 1909 to 1924, Professor at the Law School of the Johns Hopkins University, and Professor at the American University. He is known for his works on our economic organization, business administration, curriculum-making in the social studies and the divorce court.
The 1857 Atlantic hurricane season was the earliest season documented by HURDAT – the official Atlantic hurricane database – to feature no major hurricane. A total of four tropical cyclones were observed during the season, three of which strengthened into hurricanes. However, in the absence of modern satellite and other remote-sensing technologies, only storms that affected populated land areas or encountered ships at sea are known, so the actual total could be higher. An undercount bias of zero to six tropical cyclones per year between 1851 and 1885 has been estimated. Additionally, documentation by Jose Fernandez-Partagas and Henry Diaz included a fifth tropical cyclone near Port Isabel, Texas; this storm has since been removed from HURDAT as it was likely the same system as the fourth tropical cyclone.
Croesor is a small village in Gwynedd, Wales.
Staphylococcus epidermidis is a Gram-positive bacterium, and one of over 40 species belonging to the genus Staphylococcus. It is part of the normal human flora, typically the skin flora, and less commonly the mucosal flora. It is a facultative anaerobic bacteria. Although S. epidermidis is not usually pathogenic, patients with compromised immune systems are at risk of developing infection. These infections are generally hospital-acquired. S. epidermidis is a particular concern for people with catheters or other surgical implants because it is known to form biofilms that grow on these devices. Being part of the normal skin flora, S. epidermidis is a frequent contaminant of specimens sent to the diagnostic laboratory.
The 12 cm Granatwerfer 42 was a mortar used by Germany during World War II.
La Russell is a city in Jasper County, Missouri, United States. The population was 114 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Joplin, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Alsip is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States. The population was 19,277 at the 2010 census. It is a suburb of Chicago.
Henry Percy, 1st Earl of Northumberland, 4th Baron Percy, titular King of Mann, KG, Lord Marshal was the son of Henry de Percy, 3rd Baron Percy, and a descendant of Henry III of England. His mother was Mary of Lancaster, daughter of Henry, 3rd Earl of Lancaster, son of Edmund, Earl of Leicester and Lancaster, who was the son of Henry III.
The Sphenosquamosal suture is a cranial suture between the sphenoid bone and the squama of the temporal bone.
Küçükçekmece is a suburb of Istanbul, Turkey 23 km west of the city, on the European shore of the sea of Marmara.
The Couronne was an 80-gun ship of the line of the French Navy.
The Ukvushvuynen Range, also known as Meingypilgyn Range, is a range of mountains in Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russian Far East. Administratively the range is part of Anadyr District.
Goch is a railway station in the town of Goch, North Rhine Westphalia, Germany. The station opened on 5 March 1863 on the Lower Left Rhine Railway. The train services are operated by NordWestBahn.
Back in Circulation is a 1937 American film directed by Ray Enright and starring Pat O'Brien and Joan Blondell. Based on a story by Adela Rogers St. Johns, Blondell plays a fast-moving newspaper reporter who senses a story when she spots a young recent widow partying in a night club.
"Lindy's was two different deli and restaurant chains in Manhattan, New York City. The first chain, founded by Leo ""Lindy"" Lindemann, operated from 1921 to 1969. In 1979, the Riese Organization determined that the Lindy's trademark had been abandoned, and opened new restaurants, the last of which closed in February 2018."
The Fruitvale Bridge and the Fruitvale Avenue Bridge are parallel bridges that cross the Oakland Estuary, linking the cities of Oakland and Alameda in California. The Fruitvale Bridge is a vertical-lift railroad moveable bridge, while the Fruitvale Avenue Bridge is a road bascule bridge that connects Fruitvale Avenue in Oakland with Tilden Avenue in Alameda.
Brigadier Lewis Ernest Stephen Barker, CBE, DSO, MC was a career Australian Army officer. He was born on 5 May 1895 in Mulgrave, Victoria, to parents Richard Barker and Edith Sibella Frances. He attended the Brighton Grammar School and the Royal Military College of Australia. After graduating, he became a lieutenant on 4 April 1916. He served in the 8th Field Artillery Brigade and later the 39th Battalion on the Western Front from 1916 to 1918, when he was transferred to the 12th Field Artillery Brigade and promoted to captain. For valiant actions, he received the Military Cross. In 1921, he married Alice Hope McEachern. He served in the army, and after various promotions took command of fortresses at Newcastle, New South Wales. In 1940, Barker took command of the 2/4th Field Regiment, and soon traveled to the Middle East, assuming command of the 2/1st Field Regiment. For his work, he was awarded the Distinguished Service Order.
Boy with a Glass and a Lute is a painting by the Dutch Golden Age painter Frans Hals, painted in 1626 and now in the Guildhall Art Gallery, London.
The 1902 Ontario general election was the tenth general election held in the Province of Ontario, Canada. It was held on May 29, 1902, to elect the 98 Members of the 10th Legislative Assembly of Ontario.
Acacia peuce, commonly known as Birdsville wattle, waddy, waddi, or waddy-wood, is a tree species that is endemic to central Australia.
Homo luzonensis, also locally called ubag after a mythical caveman, is an extinct, possibly pygmy, species of archaic human from the Late Pleistocene of Luzon, the Philippines. Their remains, teeth and phalanges, are only known from Callao Cave in the northern part of the island dating to before 50,000 years ago. They were initially identified as belonging to modern humans in 2010, but in 2019, after the discovery of more specimens, they were placed into a new species based on the presence of a wide range of traits similar to modern humans as well as Australopithecus and early Homo.
The Turkish Air Force is the aerial warfare service branch of the Turkish Armed Forces. The Turkish Air Force can trace its origins back to June 1911 when it was founded by the Ottoman Empire, however, the air force as it is known today did not come into existence until 1923 with the creation of the Republic of Turkey.
Table with Pink Tablecloth is an artwork by American artist Richard Artschwager, now in the collection of the Art Institute of Chicago.
Robert Power is an Australian road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam Team Sunweb.
East Rockingham is an industrial suburb within the Kwinana Industrial Area, part of Perth and located within the City of Rockingham. It is home to two caravan parks.
Miyazaki International College is a private university in Kiyotake, Miyazaki, Japan. It was founded in 1994 by Miyazaki Gakuen, a chartered educational corporation established in 1939. It has School of International Liberal Arts and School of Education.
Gregory Stephen Perkins, better known by his stage name Tex Perkins, is an Australian singer-songwriter who fronts the Australian rock band The Cruel Sea, but has also performed with the Beasts of Bourbon, Thug, James Baker Experience, The Butcher Shop, Salamander Jim, and Tex, Don and Charlie. He has also released many solo records. In 1997, a portrait of Tex Perkins by artist Bill Leak won the Packing Room award at the Archibald Prize.
Aïcha Ben Ahmed is a Tunisian actress who has performed in film, on the stage and on television. She became widely known in Tunisia in 2012 when she appeared in the series Pour les beaux yeux de Catherine. More recently, she has appeared in several Egyptian films including Saint Augustin, La cellule and Zizou. For her appearance as Hind in Narcisse, Aziz Rouhou, she won the award for best actress at the 2016 Al Hoceïma Film Festival in Morocco.
Jonathan Bellemare is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. He played the centre position for the ASG Angers in France and HC Martigny of the National League B in Switzerland. Prior to his professional career in Europe, he played with the Shawinigan Cataractes and Hull Olympiques of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
Wilfrid North, also spelled Wilfred North, was an Anglo-American film director, actor, and writer of the silent film era. He directed 102 films, including short films; acted in 43 films; and wrote the story for three films.
Marques de Vadillo is a station on Line 5 of the Madrid Metro. It is located in fare Zone A.
Dyatkovsky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the twenty-seven in Bryansk Oblast, Russia. It is located in the north of the oblast. The area of the district is 1,413 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the town of Dyatkovo. Population: 73,935; 45,773; 48,606. The population of Dyatkovo accounts for 39.8% of the district's total population.
The first USS Patterson (DD-36) was a modified Paulding-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War I and later in the United States Coast Guard, designated as CG-16. She was named for Daniel Patterson.
Nienborstel is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Thomas Norris FRAS was an English businessman, art collector, natural historian and astronomer, born at Croston in Lancashire. Joining the Bury firm of Peel, Yates and Co. as a book-keeper at the age of twenty, he eventually became a partner and amassed a considerable fortune from its success in the textile and calico-printing businesses. Amongst his partners at the firm was the businessman and politician Sir Robert Peel, whose son, also named Sir Robert Peel, served twice as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Norris was reputedly a regular and welcome visitor at the latter's home in Whitehall Gardens.
Caugé is a commune in the Eure department in northern France.
Yoann Barbet is a French professional footballer who plays as a central defender or left back for Queens Park Rangers. A product of the Bordeaux youth system, Barbet signed his first professional contract with Chamois Niortais ahead of the 2014–15 season. He was capped by France at U18 level.
"Charles Frederick ""Chuck"" Seelbach is a former right-handed pitcher in the MLB and retired educator."
The Warminster Line is a route of the SEPTA Regional Rail commuter rail system. It serves stations between its namesake town, Warminster, and Center City, Philadelphia. Half of the route is shared by other lines, including the Lansdale/Doylestown Line, West Trenton Line, Fox Chase Line, Chestnut Hill East Line, and Manayunk/Norristown Line. The great majority of trains continue as part of the Airport Line.
Créteil – L'Échat is a station on line 8 of the Paris Métro in the commune of Créteil. Situated in an open cut segment, it is the last exposed station on the Line 8 going into central Paris.
Parliamentary elections were held in Portugal on 16 November 1913. These were the first elections under the new Constitution, approved in 1911, that created a Bicameralism legislature. The result was a victory for the Democratic Party, which won 68 of the 153 seats in the Chamber of Deputies and 24 of the 71 seats in the Senate.
The Mil Mi-26 is a Soviet/Russian heavy transport helicopter. Its product code is izdeliye 90. Operated by both military and civilian operators, it is the largest and most powerful helicopter to have gone into serial production.
Buffières is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
The Mackie Building is a grand commercial building designed by E. Townsend Mix and built in 1879 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, which housed Milwaukee's Grain Exchange Room, and the original trading pit. In 1973 the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Arnica sororia is a North American species of arnica known by the common name twin arnica. It is native to western Canada and the western United States. It grows in grasslands and in conifer forests.
Josip Jurevi is a Croatian historian, historical negationist and politician.
Markberg is a hill of Hesse, Germany.
The Old Uptown Historic District is a historic district in the Midtown neighborhood of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. The district stretches from Reily to Maclay between Second and Third street. It consists of large Queen Anne and Italianate architecture built in the late 19th century and very early 20th century. The northern part of the historic district is currently being aggressively renovated by real estate investors.
Templeville is a town in Caroline and Queen Anne's counties, Maryland, United States. Templeville is located near the Maryland-Delaware line. The population was 138 at the 2010 census. It was known as Bullock Town until the name was changed in 1847. The name Templeville derives from the Temple family, whose most famous member was Governor William Temple of Delaware.
Radtice is a village and municipality in Píbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
"Izabella Alvarez is an American teen actress and voice artist known for her roles in television shows such as Shameless, Westworld, and Walk the Prank. She plays Vera in the Disney+ film, Magic Camp. Her most recent role is the voice of Ronalda ""Ronnie Anne"" Santiago in the Nickelodeon animated series, The Loud House, and its spin-off installment, The Casagrandes."
Criquebeuf-sur-Seine is a commune in the Eure department in northern France.
USS Sequoia is the former presidential yacht used during the administrations of Herbert Hoover through Gerald Ford and then sold by Jimmy Carter.
Antimigraine drugs are medications intended to reduce the effects or intensity of migraine headache. They include drugs for the treatment of acute migraine symptoms as well as drugs for the prevention of migraine attacks.
The precuneus is the portion of the superior parietal lobule on the medial surface of each brain hemisphere. It is located in front of the cuneus. The precuneus is bounded in front by the marginal branch of the cingulate sulcus, at the rear by the parietooccipital sulcus, and underneath by the subparietal sulcus. It is involved with episodic memory, visuospatial processing, reflections upon self, and aspects of consciousness.
Charles de Valois was a French royal bastard, count of Auvergne, duke of Angoulême, and memoirist.
The Rural Municipality of Invergordon No. 430 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 15 and SARM Division No. 5. It is located west of the City of Melfort.
San Germano Vercellese is a comune in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 50 kilometres northeast of Turin and about 14 kilometres northwest of Vercelli.
Charles Butler McVay Jr. was an admiral in the United States Navy after World War I. In 1907–1909, after the cruise of the Great White Fleet, he commanded the tender USS Yankton. He then held various assignments of increasing importance throughout and after World War I. In the early 1930s, he served as commander-in-chief of the Asiatic Fleet.
Jangareddygudem is a town in West Godavari district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
The Francis P. Whitehair Bridge, also known as the Crows Bluff Bridge, is a double leaf bascule bridge located in Crows Bluff, Florida that carries State Road 44 over the St. Johns River. The original bridge on the site was constructed in 1917; replaced in 1955, it is expected to remain in service until the 2050s.
Otur, Outur in Asturian and officially, is a parish located in Valdés, a municipality within the province and Autonomous Community of Asturias, in northern Spain.
Linaclotide is a drug used to treat irritable bowel syndrome with constipation and chronic constipation with no known cause.
Saint-Thomas-en-Royans is a commune in the Drôme department in southeastern France.
The tundra wolf, also known as the Turukhan wolf, is a subspecies of grey wolf native to Eurasia's tundra and forest-tundra zones from Finland to the Kamchatka Peninsula. It was first described in 1792 by Robert Kerr, who described it as living around the Yenisei, and of having a highly valued pelt.
Joe Cook was a vaudeville performer. A household name in the 1920s and 1930s, Cook was one of America's most popular entertainers, and he headlined at New York's famed Palace Theatre. After appearing on Broadway he broke into radio.
Wutaishan Sports Center is a sports center in Nanjing, China. It was established in 1952 and it was one of the oldest and most advanced stadiums in early time of People's Republic of China.
Julie Ann Felix was an American-born, British-based folk singer and guitarist. She became successful in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
Sabanetas is a barrio in the municipality of Mayagüez, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 4,005.
Astragalus kentrophyta is a species of milkvetch known by the common name spiny milkvetch. It is native to western North America from central to west Canada, to California, to New Mexico. It grows in rocky mountainous areas, such as the Sierra Nevada, and on plateaus.
The Eastern Australian sawshark, Pristiophorus peroniensis, is a sawshark of the family Pristiophoridae, found off southeastern mainland Australia at depths of between 100 and 630 m. Its length is up to 1.36 m.
Camp Dennison was a military recruiting, training, and medical post for the United States Army during the American Civil War. It was located near Cincinnati, Ohio, not far from the Ohio River. The camp was named for Cincinnati native William Dennison, Ohio's governor at the start of the war.
Castalia was a 1,533 GRT twin-hulled paddle steamer that was built in 1874 by the Thames Ironworks and Shipbuilding Company, Leamouth, London for the English Channel Steamship Company. She was acquired by the London, Chatham and Dover Railway in 1878 but had already been laid up by then and was not operated by the LCDR. In 1883, she was sold to the Metropolitan Asylums Board and converted to a hospital ship. She served until 1904 and was scrapped in 1905.
Egham Hythe, Pooley Green and Thorpe Lea are adjacent settlements in the Borough of Runnymede in Surrey, England, approximately 18 miles west of central London. They are separated from the town of Egham by the M25 and from Staines upon Thames by the River Thames.
Masato David Hayakawa, known professionally as Masato, is a Japanese-American singer, musician, lyricist and model. He is best known as the lead vocalist of the Japanese rock band Coldrain since their formation in 2007. He was a former member of AVER, alongside one of his fellow Coldrain members, drummer Katsuma Minatani.
Saint Petersburg Television Tower is a 326 m Russian steel lattice television tower in Saint Petersburg, Russia. Being the first dedicated television tower in the Soviet Union, the Saint Petersburg TV Tower is utilized for transmitting for FM-/TV-broadcasting throughout the federal city.
Jorge Luis Valdivia Toro is a Chilean footballer who plays as a midfielder for Mazatlán.
The Garrano, from Gaelic gearran, a pony of the Iberian horse family, is an endangered breed of horse from northern Portugal, mainly used as a pack horse, for riding, and for light farm work. An ancient breed, the Garrano has remained largely unchanged for thousands of years but is in decline due to predation and loss of interest in breeding for agricultural use.
Ansley Township is one of thirty-one townships in Custer County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 671 at the 2000 census. A 2006 estimate placed the township's population at 631.
St Mary's by the Sea is a heritage-listed non-denominational church at Wharf Street, Port Douglas, Shire of Douglas, Queensland, Australia. It was built from 1913 to 1914. It is also known as the former St Mary's Roman Catholic Church. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration is a pathological process that occurs in frontotemporal dementia. It is characterized by atrophy in the frontal lobe and temporal lobe of the brain, with sparing of the parietal and occipital lobes.
Ikoma is a city in the northwestern end of Nara Prefecture, Japan. It was founded on November 1, 1971.
Erica Musci, better known by her stage name Erica Mou, is an Italian singer and musician. Born in Bisceglie, Italy, she began studying singing at the age of 5, and playing guitar at 11.
Epinephelus is a genus of marine ray-finned fish, groupers from the subfamily Epinephelinae, part of the family Serranidae, which also includes the anthias and sea basses. They are predatory fish, largely associated with reefs and are found in tropical and subtropical seas throughout the world. They are important target species for fisheries.
Trogloraptor is a genus of large spiders found in the caves of southwestern Oregon. It is the sole genus in the family Trogloraptoridae, and includes only one species, Trogloraptor marchingtoni. These spiders are predominantly yellow-brown in color with a maximum leg span of 3 in. They are remarkable for having hook-like claws on the raptorial last segments of their legs.
The Patras Experimental Lyceum, colloquially referred to simply as Peiramtiko, is an experimental, co-educational, public lyceum. It is associated with the University of Patras since its foundation in 1972, and was transferred to within the university campus in 2008.
Quebec is one of the thirteen provinces and territories of Canada. It is bordered to the west by the province of Ontario and the bodies of water James Bay and Hudson Bay; to the north by Hudson Strait and Ungava Bay; to the east by the Gulf of Saint Lawrence and the province of Newfoundland and Labrador; and to the south by the province of New Brunswick and the U.S. states of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, and New York. It also shares maritime borders with Nunavut, Prince Edward Island, and Nova Scotia. Quebec is Canada's largest province by area and its second-largest administrative division; only the territory of Nunavut is larger. It is historically and politically considered to be part of Central Canada.
Matoury is a commune of French Guiana, an overseas region and department of France located in South America.
A statue of Christopher Columbus is installed in Bridgeport, Connecticut's Seaside Park, in the United States.
Horní Beva is a village in Vsetín District, Zlín Region, Czech Republic. It is a typical highland village with the altitude of 505 m nestled in the heart of Moravian-Silesian Beskids mountain range. The population of the village is 2,460. It is a popular tourist destination with great possibilities for hiking, mountain biking and cross country skiing. Horní Beva is the biggest village from the three Beva villages. It is a popular tourist destination, with many weekend cottages. The river Rožnovská Beva flows through the village.
"George F. Gore, nicknamed ""Piano Legs"", was an American center fielder in Major League Baseball who played for 14 seasons, eight for the Chicago White Stockings, five for the New York Giants, one for the St. Louis Browns of the National League, and the New York Giants of the Players' League.
Fulgurodes is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae.
Popa spurca, also known as the African twig mantis, is a species of mantis native to Africa. It takes its common name from its resemblance to twig from a woody plant and grows up to 8 centimetres long if female or 7 cm long if male.
Pielgrzymowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawowice, within Pszczyna County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 23 kilometres south-west of Pszczyna and 46 km south-west of the regional capital Katowice.
Newcastle Boys' High School was a government-funded single-sex selective high school, located in Waratah, a suburb of Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia. The school was active between 1929 and 1976, after which time it became a co-educational non-selective school.
"Coyle Girelli is an English multi-platinum selling composer, singer, songwriter, record producer and multi-instrumentalist. Formerly frontman of Your Vegas and The Chevin he released his debut solo album, Love Kills, in 2018. He has written songs for BTS, Macklemore, Robin Schulz, Westlife and many others, including the BTS worldwide number 1 single ""heartbeat"" from global chart topping album BTS World: Original Soundtrack, and co-composed songs for the record breaking French musicals Robin des Bois and Les Trois Mousquetaires."
Zaloov is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
The Horseferry Road drill hall is a military installation in Horseferry Road, London.
El Putxet is a station of the Barcelona Metro on the FGC-operated line L7. The station serves the El Putxet quarter of Sarrià-Sant Gervasi, and is situated under Carrer de Balmes.
María Fernanda Agustina Sainz Rubio better known as Tina Sainz is a Spanish actress. She has appeared in such films as Sangre de Mayo and Story of a Kiss. Her television credits include Recuerda cuándo, Compañeros and Estudio 1. In 2017, she appeared in the Netflix series Cable Girls.
Phytobdella catenifera is a large terrestrial leech found in Peninsular Malaysia. John Percy Moore chose this species’ epithet ‘catenifera’ after the striking chain-striped pattern on the creature's back.
Boaventura is a civil parish in the municipality of São Vicente in the Portuguese island of Madeira. The population in 2011 was 1,221, in an area of 25.30 km².
Kolstad Church is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located in the Kolstad area of the city of Trondheim, about 1.5 kilometres from the nearby Heimdal Church. It is the church for the Kolstad parish which is part of the Heimdal og Byåsen prosti in the Diocese of Nidaros.
Trevarno railway station is a small railway station request stop on the Helston Railway, a heritage railway in Cornwall, United Kingdom.
Tristram Coffin was an immigrant to Massachusetts from England.
Ury is an unincorporated community in Raleigh County, West Virginia, United States. Ury is located on West Virginia Route 16 and Winding Gulf 3 miles north of Rhodell.
"Margarita ""Rita"" Mamun is a retired Russian rhythmic gymnast. She won a gold medal in the individual all-around competition at the 2016 Rio Olympics. She has won fourteen World Championships medals, including two all-around silver medals in 2014 and 2015. Mamun starred in the documentary film ""Over the Limit.""
Jacob Collamer was an American politician from Vermont. He served in the U.S. House of Representatives, as Postmaster General in the cabinet of President Zachary Taylor, and as a U.S. Senator.
Pontefract Hermitage is a medieval hermitage situated below the old Southgate entrance to the General Infirmary in Pontefract, West Yorkshire, England. It is a grade I listed structure.
Suchi Saria is an Associate Professor of Machine Learning and Healthcare at Johns Hopkins University, where she uses big data to improve patient outcomes. She is a World Economic Forum Young Global Leader.
Ebrechtella tricuspidata is a species of crab spiders belonging to the family Thomisidae.
Suppogu Joseph is a Golden jubilee Pastor of the Protestant Samavesam of Telugu Baptist Churches with major contribution to New Testament scholarship with reference to Lukan literature. In a study on Luke in 2010 by Justin Alexandru undertaken at the University of Durham, Joseph's work has been cited by the researcher in the context of Authorship of Luke–Acts where Justin authoritatively attests the work of Joseph.
Johannes Liechtenauer was a German fencing master who had a great level of influence on the German fencing tradition in the 14th century.
Avdo Karabegovi, better known by his pen name S. Avdo Karabegovi, was a Bosnian, and later Serbian, poet who was active between 1895 and 1908.
Jean Charles Athanase Peltier was a French physicist. He was originally a watch dealer, but at 30 years old took up experiments and observations in physics.
Gülben Ergen is a Turkish singer and actress.
The Kia Combi was a series of mini-buses built from 1983 until October 2002 by Asia Motors, and later Kia Motors. Asia Motors has been owned by Kia since 1976.
"This is the discography of Scottish singer-songwriter Lewis Capaldi. He achieved global mainstream success in 2019 with his breakthrough single ""Someone You Loved"" which spent 7 weeks at the top of the UK Singles Chart. In May 2019 he released his debut studio album, Divinely Uninspired to a Hellish Extent. The album peaked at number one on the UK Albums Chart."
Johnson City is a village in Broome County, New York, United States. The population was 15,174 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Binghamton Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The Bunun, also historically known as the Vonum, are a Taiwanese indigenous people and are best known for their sophisticated polyphonic vocal music. They speak the Bunun language. Unlike other aboriginal peoples in Taiwan, the Bunun are widely dispersed across the island's central mountain ranges. In the year 2000, the Bunun numbered 41,038. This was approximately 8% of Taiwan's total indigenous population, making them the fourth-largest indigenous group. They have five distinct communities: the Takbunuaz, the Takituduh, the Takibaka, the Takivatan, and the Isbukun.
Polo is a city in Ogle County, Illinois, United States. The population was 2,355 at the 2010 census, down from 2,477 in 2000.
Aphaniotis ornata is a species of lizard in the family Agamidae. The species is endemic to Borneo.
Hykiyama Station is a railway station on the Hisatsu Line in Kirishima, Kagoshima, Japan, operated by Kyushu Railway Company. The station opened in 1958.
The U.S. Army Combat Capabilities Development Command Aviation & Missile Center, formerly the U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Research, Development and Engineering Center, a part of the U.S. Army Research, Development, and Engineering Command —now CCDC, is a primarily civilian organization tasked to provide research, development, and engineering technology and services to support U.S. Army aviation and missile platforms. AvMC operates research, development, engineering and simulation laboratories and facilities used to develop and mature aviation and missile components, subsystems, and systems.
Faia Brava is a natural reserve in northern Portugal. It is the first privately owned natural reserve in the country.
DaJohn Harris is an American football defensive end who is currently a free agent. He played college football at Southern California.
Hermann Nuber is a former German footballer.
Pallavi Sharda is an Australian-Indian film actress. She has worked in Hindi films like My Name Is Khan, Dus Tola, Besharam, Hawaizaada and Begum Jaan.
Jahnstadion is a multi-use stadium in Göttingen, Germany. It is used mostly for football matches and serves as the home of the RSV Göttingen 05. The stadium holds 17,500 people
"Omar ""Tarrus"" Riley is a Jamaican-American reggae singer and member of the Rastafari movement."
Secret Agent is the last of seventeen animated Technicolor short films based upon the DC Comics character Superman. Produced by Famous Studios, the cartoon was originally released to theaters by Paramount Pictures on July 30, 1943. This is the only short in which Lois Lane doesn't appear—although a female federal agent who looks identical to Lois appears, and is also voiced by Joan Alexander.
Ramesh McLean Srivastava is an American singer and songwriter. He is perhaps best known as the lead vocalist of the indie rock band Voxtrot, active from 2003 to 2010. After the dissolution of Voxtrot, Srivastava has also released solo material under his name, including his debut album, The King, in 2014.
Forès is a municipality and village in the comarca of Conca de Barberà in the Province of Tarragona in Catalonia, Spain.
William Robertson Smith FRSE was a Scottish orientalist, Old Testament scholar, professor of divinity, and minister of the Free Church of Scotland. He was an editor of the Encyclopædia Britannica and contributor to the Encyclopaedia Biblica. He is also known for his book Religion of the Semites, which is considered a foundational text in the comparative study of religion.
Llanfechain railway station is a former station in Llanfechain, Powys, Wales. The station opened in 1863 and closed in 1965. The station site is now a private residence and the trackbed filled in to platform level.
Brigadier General Odowaa Yusuf Rageh is a Somali military general. He is the chief of the Somali Army.
Tucheng Station, is a station of Line 1 of the Tianjin Metro. It started operations on 12 June 2006.
Rhinebeck is a village in the town of Rhinebeck in Dutchess County, New York, United States. The population was 2,657 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Poughkeepsie–Newburgh–Middletown, NY Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the larger New York–Newark–Bridgeport, NY-NJ-CT-PA Combined Statistical Area.
Soochipara Falls also known as Sentinel Rock Waterfalls is a three-tiered waterfall in Vellarimala, Wayanad, India. It is surrounded by deciduous, evergreen and montane forests. Locally referred to as Soochipara, the 15-20 minute drive from Meppadi to Sentinel Rock Waterfalls has views of a number of Wayanad's tea estates. The Sentinel Rock Waterfalls is 200 metres and offers a cliff face that is used for rock climbing. The water from Soochipara Falls later joins Chulika River or popularly known as Chaliyar River after Velarimala Hills near Cherambadi in Kerala.
Baye is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.
The Taylor House is a historic home in Tallahassee, Florida. The home was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on April 6, 2015. The Taylor House Museum, located at 442 West Georgia Street, was also added to the Tallahassee-Leon County Register of Historic Places on October 26, 2011. On July 27, 2012, the Florida Department of State designated the home a Florida Heritage Site.
Paschim Vihar is an affluent residential area in Delhi, India falling under the Punjabi Bagh subzone of West Delhi. A typical Delhi suburb that developed significantly in the 1980s, it is packed with apartment complexes functioning as group housing societies, built both privately as well as by the Delhi Development Authority. The Outer Ring Road divides Paschim Vihar into two parts. The Eastside has the PIN code 110063 and is relatively older and well planned than the Westside which is located across Outer Ring Road, having the PIN code 110087.
The School of Religious Studies is a constituent school of the Faculty of Arts at McGill University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It specializes in Religious Studies, Biblical Studies, Church History, Philosophy of Religion, World Religions and Christian Theology. In affiliation with the three autonomous theological colleges that constitute the Montreal School of Theology, the School of Religious Studies provides professional theological studies for the training of clergy.
John Newton was a career engineer officer in the United States Army, a Union general in the American Civil War, and Chief of the Corps of Engineers.
Zgierz is a main railway station for the town of Zgierz, ód Voivodeship, serving two major railway lines connecting ód with Kutno and owicz, as well as being a key station of the railway ring surrounding city of ód.
David O'Neil Thompson is an American former professional basketball player. He played with the Denver Nuggets of both the American Basketball Association and National Basketball Association, as well as the Seattle SuperSonics of the NBA. He was previously a star in college for North Carolina State, leading the Wolfpack to its first NCAA championship in 1974. Thompson is one of the six players to score 70 or more points in an NBA game. Thompson was inducted into the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame in 1996.
Nancy Glenn-Nieto is an American-Mexican actress, model, and fine art painter. She is perhaps best known as a model and an actress in Mexico City; however, her art work has become highly collectable. She is the widow of Mexican Oaxacan painter Rodolfo Nieto.
Carex flacca, with common names blue sedge, gray carex, glaucous sedge, or carnation-grass, is a species of sedge native to parts of Europe and North Africa. It is frequent in a range of habitats, including grasslands, moorlands, exposed and disturbed soil, and the upper edges of salt marshes. It has naturalized in eastern North America.
Louis Frank Drucke was a professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of four seasons in Major League Baseball with the New York Giants from 1909 to 1912. As a pitcher, he won 18 while losing 14 games, with a 2.90 earned run average. As a batter, he hit .178 with one home run.
"James Wilson King was an American Navy Officer. He served as Chief Engineer of the United States Navy. During his career, he held every position in the Navy to which an engineering officer could be called. Today, he is best known for his 1880 book, The Warships and Navies of the World, which has been called ""an important book to establish reliable contemporary information."" It was republished by the U.S. Naval Institute in 1982."
Eustace de Vesci was an English lord of Alnwick Castle, and a Magna Carta surety. He also held lands in Sprouston, Roxburghshire, Scotland as brother in-law to King Alexander II of Scotland. Eustace was a leader during the Barons' War in 1215 and was killed while undertaking a siege of Barnard Castle in 1216.
Liludi Dharati is a 1957 Gujarati novel by Chunilal Madia. Though it was written is two parts, its plot is extended with inheritors in another separate novel Shevalna Shatdal.
Innsbruck is the capital city of Tyrol and fifth-largest city in Austria. Located on the River Inn, at its junction with the Wipp Valley, which provides access to the Brenner Pass some 30 km to the south, it had a population of 132,493 in 2018.
Anastasios II or Anastasius II was the Byzantine Emperor from 713 to 715.
Anatoly Ivanovich Antonov is a Russian politician, military officer and diplomat who is currently the Ambassador of Russia to the United States, formally replacing Sergey Kislyak on 21 August 2017 by presidential decree. With a reputation as a hardliner and tough negotiator, Antonov took up his post in Washington, D.C. on 1 September 2017. He was formerly Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs and Deputy Minister of Defence. Since 2015, he has been under sanctions of the European Union and Canada, in response to Russia's military intervention in Ukraine.
The Nyamata Genocide Memorial is based around a former church 30 km south of Kigali in Rwanda, which commemorates the Rwandan genocide in 1994. The remains of 50,000 people are buried here.
Old Bexley and Sidcup is a constituency created in 1983 represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2010 by James Brokenshire, a Conservative. He is currently the Minister for Security within the Home Office.
The Handley Page W.8, W.9 and W.10 were British two- and three-engine medium-range biplane airliners designed and built by Handley Page.
The Tamsui Red Castle is a 19th-century mansion in Tamsui District, New Taipei, Taiwan.
Teodora Alonso Realonda y Quintos was a wealthy woman in the Spanish colonial Philippines. She was best known as the mother of the Philippines’ national hero Jose Rizal. Realonda was born in Santa Cruz, Manila. She was also known for being a disciplinarian and hard-working mother. Her medical condition inspired Rizal to take up medicine.
Pachliopta jophon, the Ceylon rose or Sri Lankan rose, is a butterfly found in Sri Lanka that belongs to the swallowtail family. It was earlier classified as a subspecies of Pachliopta hector, the crimson rose.
Salt Creek is a census-designated place in Pueblo County, Colorado, United States. It is part of the Pueblo, Colorado Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 648 at the 2000 census.
Águila was the first naval vessel of the Chilean Navy. She was later renamed Pueyrredón.
Twin Lakes is a census-designated place in Adams County, Colorado, United States. The population was 6,101 at the 2010 census.
José Toribio Losoya, was a former Mexican soldier, a Texian military participant in the Siege of Bexar and Battle of the Alamo defender.
Saint-Louis-de-Gonzague is a parish municipality in the Beauharnois-Salaberry Regional County Municipality in the Montérégie region of Quebec, Canada. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 1,389.
The Abbott Graves House is a historic house on Ocean Avenue in Kennebunkport, Maine. Built in 1905 by Abbott Fuller Graves to his own design, it is one of only two known examples of the Prairie School of architecture in the state of Maine. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Arniston was an East Indiaman that made eight voyages for the British East India Company. She was wrecked on 30 May 1815 during a storm at Waenhuiskrans, near Cape Agulhas, South Africa, with the loss of 372 lives – only six on board survived. She had been chartered as a troopship and was underway from Ceylon to England on a journey to repatriate wounded soldiers from the Kandyan Wars.
Kingston is a census-designated place in Sierra County, New Mexico, United States. Its population was 32 as of the 2010 census. The community is located in the Black Range along New Mexico State Road 152.
Marie Alfred Cornu was a French physicist. The French generally refer to him as Alfred Cornu.
The Roraiman nightjar is a species of nightjar in the family Caprimulgidae. It is found in wooded habitats in the tepui highlands in northern Brazil, southern Venezuela and Guyana. It largely resembles the more widespread blackish nightjar.
Kelso Racecourse is a thoroughbred horse racing venue located in Kelso, Scotland. The official website describes the course as Britain's Friendliest Racecourse. It was voted the Best Small Course in Scotland and the North of England in 2007, 2012 and 2014 by the Racegoers Club.
HNoMS Garm was the third destroyer built for the Royal Norwegian Navy, and was a Draug class destroyer. Garm was constructed several years after her two sister ships, but to the same plans. She was built at the naval shipyard in Horten, with yard number 107.
Dunklin County is a county located in the Bootheel of the U.S. state of Missouri. As of the 2010 census, the population was 31,953. The largest city and county seat is Kennett. The county was officially organized on February 14, 1845, and is named in honor of Daniel Dunklin, a Governor of Missouri who died the year before the county was organized.
Gita Irawan Wirjawan is an Indonesian entrepreneur, investment banker and philanthropist. Previously he served as Minister of Trade of the Republic of Indonesia during President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono’s Kabinet Indonesia Bersatu II. He is the founder of Ancora Group and Ancora Foundation. He is the current head of Badminton Association of Indonesia.
State Route 53, also known as the Clearlake Expressway for part of its length, is a state highway in the U.S. state of California that runs in a north–south direction in Lake County east of Clear Lake, It connects SR 29 and SR 20 via the city of Clearlake.
Saint-Jeoire-Prieuré is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Nathan Louis Pond is a professional footballer who playes as a defender or defensive midfielder for National League North club Fylde. He previously played for Fleetwood Town over a fifteen-year period, whilst also having spells with Lancaster City, Kendal Town, Grimsby Town and Salford City. Internationally, he represents Montserrat, earning his first caps in 2019.
Vandergrift is a borough in Westmoreland County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania, approximately 30 miles northeast of Pittsburgh. Early in the 20th century, it had the largest sheet steel mill in the world.
Charmont-sous-Barbuise is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
Charles Nicholas Hodges was an English musician and singer who was the lead vocalist of the musical duo Chas & Dave.
Rumen Ivaylov Rumenov is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing as a midfielder for Arda Kardzhali.
Frida Hansen was a Norwegian textile artist in the Art Nouveau style. She Has been described as a bridge between Norwegian and European tapestry, and several of her weaving designs considered among the best made in recent European textile art.
The Southwestern Exposition and Livestock Show, known commonly as the Fort Worth Stock Show and Rodeo is the oldest continuously running livestock show and rodeo. It has been held annually in Fort Worth, Texas since 1896, traditionally in mid-January through early February. A non-profit organization, the Stock Show has provided millions of dollars in grants and scholarships in its tenure and continues to provide hundreds of thousands of dollars annually to assist the future leaders of agriculture and livestock management.
Millançay is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Ecoporanga is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Espírito Santo. Its population was 23,695 and its area is 2,283 km². It is located in north Espírito Santo near Bahia and Minas Gerais.
Willard Straight Hall is the student union building on the central campus of Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. It is located on Campus Road, adjacent to the Ho Plaza and Cornell Health.
Hugh Charles Boyle was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Bishop of Pittsburgh from 1921 until his death in 1950.
Boegel and Hine Flour Mill-Wommack Mill, also known as Grove Mill, is a historic grist mill complex located at Fair Grove, Greene County, Missouri. The mill was built in 1883, and is a 2 1/2-story, heavy timber frame building sided with vertical boards. Adjacent to the building are paired cylindrical grain storage silos of creek gravel concrete construction. The mill continued to operate until 1969.
Joseph Jorgensen was a U.S. Representative from Virginia.
STS-80 was a Space Shuttle mission flown by Space Shuttle Columbia. The launch was originally scheduled for 31 October 1996, but was delayed to 19 November for several reasons.
Loisia is a commune in the Jura department in Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Brendan Carr is an Irish Labour Party politician and member of Dublin City Council. He was Lord Mayor of Dublin from 2016 to 2017.
Ahmetli railway station is a railway station in Ahmetli, Turkey. TCDD Tamaclk operates a daily inter-city train from zmir to Konya and daily regional trains from zmir to Alaehir and Uak, as well as from Manisa to Alaehir.
The BMW N73 is a naturally aspirated V12 petrol engine which replaced the BMW M73 and was produced from 2003–2016. It was used in the BMW 7 Series and Rolls-Royce Phantom.
La Vaupalière is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Casandra Brené Brown is an American professor, lecturer, author, and podcast host. Brown holds the Huffington Foundation’s Brené Brown Endowed Chair at the University of Houston's Graduate College of Social Work and is a visiting professor in management at McCombs School of Business at the University of Texas at Austin.
Hiraoka Shrine is a Shinto shrine in Osaka Prefecture, Japan. Kami enshrined here include Ame-no-Koyane no mikoto, Himegami, Takemikazuchi, and others. It was formerly an imperial shrine of the first rank in the Modern system of ranked Shinto Shrines. It was the ichinomiya of the former Kawachi Province.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Police Museum is a museum that traces the history and growth of the police force in India. It is located just opposite the Kollam Junction Railway Station in Kollam, India. The museum is dedicated to barrister and statesman, Vallabhbhai Patel.
Aliguay is an island in the Philippines, and a barangay of Dapitan City. The island is an established marine sanctuary. The island is surrounded by white sand beaches and coral reefs. There are no water sources on the island. A few residents live on Aliguay Island, mostly selling fish to tourists.
São Bartolomeu de Regatos is a parish in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo on the island of Terceira in the Azores. The population in 2011 was 1,983, in an area of 25.00 km². The parish lies at an elevation of 22 metres. It contains the localities Calçada, Canada da Igreja, Carneiros, Cruz dos Regatos, Cova dos Regatos, Outeirão, Outeiro, Pesqueiro, Regatos, São Bartolomeu dos Regatos and São José.
Dominik Schmidt is a German professional footballer who plays as a defender for MSV Duisburg.
Tristin Mays is an American actress and singer. Mays currently stars in the reboot of the MacGyver series on CBS. She plays the character Riley Davis, who works as a covert operative for the Phoenix Foundation.
Wakarusa Township is a township in Douglas County, Kansas, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,318. It was named for the Wakarusa River which flows through Douglas County from Wabaunsee County to the Kansas River near Eudora.
Douglas Erwin Bollinger is a former Australian cricketer. He has played first-class cricket for the New South Wales cricket team and international cricket for Australia. He is a left-handed batsman and a left-arm fast bowler. Bollinger has played for Worcestershire County Cricket Club and Kent County Cricket Club in England, for the Chennai Super Kings in the Indian Premier League and for Hobart Hurricanes, Sydney Thunder and Sydney Sixers in domestic T20 competition. He announced his retirement from all forms of cricket on 5 February 2018.
The A17 motorway is a motorway in the Netherlands. It runs from the interchange Klaverpolder, just south of the Moerdijk bridge in the A16 motorway, towards the interchange De Stok with the A58 motorway, near Roosendaal.
Snethlage's tody-tyrant is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae.
Bukkumi is a pan-fried tteok made with glutinous rice flour or sorghum flour. It is a flat half-moon shaped cake filled with white adzuki bean paste or mixture of toasted and ground sesame seeds, cinnamon powder, and sugar or honey. The color varies from white to yellow, pink, or dark green. Bukkumi is often coated with honey or syrup, and garnished with shredded chestnuts, jujube, or rock tripe. There is also a variety of bukkumi which is flat and round and does not have any filling.
The Church of Saint George is one of eleven rock-hewn monolithic churches in Lalibela, a city in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia. Originally named Roha, the historical and religious site was named Lalibela after the King Gebre Mesqel Lalibela of the Zagwe dynasty, who commissioned its construction. He is regarded as a saint by the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church.
The Andraus Building is a well-known building in the República area of downtown São Paulo, Brazil, on the corner of São João Avenue and Pedro Américo Street. It is 115 metres tall and has 32 floors, and its construction ended in 1962. On February 24, 1972, the building suffered a great fire which caused the deaths of 16 persons trapped inside the building. 330 others were also injured. The building was renovated after the fire, and currently houses municipal and federal government offices.
Bhuiyar / Kori Dharmshala, also known as Shri Kabir Ashram Dharmarth Trust Samiti, is a dharamshala in the holy city of Haridwar in the Uttarakhand state of India. The dharmshala is situated near Rishikul Ayurvedic College, Haridwar.
Ruicheng County is under the administration of the Yuncheng City, in the southwest of Shanxi province, China. It is the southernmost county-level division of Shanxi, with the Yellow River demarcating its border with the provinces of Henan to the south and Shaanxi to the west. The population as of the 2010 census is around 390,000.
The Itacaiunas River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
Fred Van Buren Archer was the head football coach for the University of North Dakota Fighting Sioux football team. He compiled an overall record of 2–4. He was born in Vevay, Indiana in 1888.
"Richard John ""Rich"" Preston is a Canadian ice hockey coach and former forward.
Marshall County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 12,640. Its county seat is Lacon.
The A-series trains are a class of electric multiple unit built by Walkers Limited, Maryborough for Transperth between 1991 and 1999. When introduced in 1991 the A-series trains became the first electric passenger trains to operate in Western Australia and until 2004, were the only type of train in use on the Perth suburban rail network.
Flora is a Prague Metro station on Line A. It is located under the shopping mall Atrium Flóra, on the border of the Vinohrady and Žižkov districts near the Olšany Cemetery. The station was opened on 19 December 1980 as part of the extension of the line between Námstí Míru and Želivského.
The Collaborative Research Center is a building on the Rockefeller University campus in New York City. Construction began in 2007, funded by a $50 million from the Starr Foundation.
Ashish R Mohan is an Indian film director and actor. His work as a director include Khiladi 786 and Welcome 2 Karachi.
Santa Maria Portae Paradisi is a catholic church in Rome, in the Rione Campo Marzio, along via di Ripetta.
The City of Shepparton was a local government area in the Goulburn Valley region, about 180 kilometres north of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia. The city covered an area of 26.71 square kilometres, and existed from 1927 until 1994. It excluded areas such as Mooroopna and Kialla, which are now considered to be suburbs.
Farmfoods is a British frozen food supermarket chain based in Cumbernauld, Scotland. The company operates throughout the United Kingdom, and has over three hundred stores.
Gujeolpan refers to either an elaborate Korean dish consisting of nine different foods assorted on a wooden plate with nine divided sections in an octagon shape or the plate itself. The name is composed of three hanja words: gu, jeol, and pan in Korean. Foods are separated by color and ingredients, and comprise various namul, meats, mushrooms, and seafood items. In the center of the tray is a stack of small jeon made with wheat flour, which are called miljeonbyeong. In addition to its use as a food platter used to serve many dishes of food at once, gujeolpan is also considered a decorative item.
Luca Bindi is an Italian geologist. He currently holds the Chair of Mineralogy and Crystallography in the Department of Earth Sciences in the University of Florence. He is also a research associate at the Istituto di Geoscienze e Georisorse of the National Research Council. He has received national and international scientific awards that include the President of the Republic Prize 2015 in the category of Physical, Mathematical and Natural Sciences. Since 2019 is a Member of the National Academy of Lincei.
Flekkerøy or Flekkerøya is an island and residential district in Kristiansand municipality in Agder county, Norway. The district is located within the borough of Vågsbygd, and it consists of 4 main neighborhoods: Berge/Andås, Kjære, Lindebø/Skålevik, and Mæbø/Høyfjellet. The district covers all of the island of Flekkerøya which lies within the city of Kristiansand. Since 1989, the island has been connected to the mainland through the Flekkerøy Tunnel, a 2,320-metre long subsea road tunnel. The island has 3,632 inhabitants. Flekkerøy Church is located on the island.
Berschweiler bei Baumholder is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Birkenfeld district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It belongs to the Verbandsgemeinde of Baumholder, whose seat is in the like-named town. Berschweiler bei Baumholder is one of two municipalities in the district with the name Berschweiler. The two are distinguished from each other by their geographical “tags”; the other one is called Berschweiler bei Kirn.
Phutthaisong is a district in the northern part of Buriram Province, northeastern Thailand.
The Academy of Light is the name of the UEFA five star certified training facilities and youth academy for English football club Sunderland A.F.C.
Gregory V, was Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople from 1797 to 1798, from 1806 to 1808 and from 1818 to 1821. He was responsible for much restoration work to the Patriarchal Cathedral of St George, which had been badly damaged by fire in 1738.
Tonantzintla Observatory is an astronomical observatory located in the municipality of San Andrés Cholula in the Mexican state of Puebla. It consists of two adjacent facilities: the National Astrophysical Observatory of Tonantzintla, operated by the National Institute of Astrophysics, Optics and Electronics, and the National Astronomical Observatory - Tonantzintla, operated by the National Autonomous University of Mexico. OANTON is located on the INAOE campus, which includes numerous other buildings. OAN - Tonantzintla is located immediately to the east on mostly unused property. The observatory is located 11 kilometres west of Puebla and 33 kilometres east of Popocatépetl, eruptions of which sometimes interfere with observing.
My Death, My Decision is an organisation that campaigns for the legalisation of assisted dying in England and Wales. The group was founded in 2009, in order to campaign for a change in the law and advocate on behalf of adults of sound mind, who are either terminally ill or incurably suffering.
The Association of Tennis Professionals Tour is the elite tour for professional tennis organized by the ATP. The ATP Tour includes the Grand Slam tournaments, the ATP Championship Series, Single-Week, the ATP Championship Series, the ATP World Series, the ATP World Team Cup, the Davis Cup, the ATP Tour World Championships and the Grand Slam Cup.
Shiroishi Station is a Sapporo Municipal Subway station in Shiroishi-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan. The station number is T13.
HM Prison Eastwood Park is a women's closed category prison, located in the village of Falfield in South Gloucestershire, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
The High Polytechnic College of Linares is an engineering school belonging to the University of Jaén since July 1, 1993. It is located in the city of Linares, Spain.
Ariel Carreño is an Argentine football striker who plays for San Miguel.
Will Sherman was an American football defensive back who played with the National Football League's Los Angeles Rams from 1954 to 1960.
The Palace of the Chamber of Deputies is a building in Bucharest, Romania located on the plateau of Dealul Mitropoliei. The building served as the seat of successive Romanian legislatures: of the Assembly of Deputies during the Kingdom of Romania, then of the Communist-era Great National Assembly, and after the Romanian Revolution of 1989, of the Chamber of Deputies. Parliamentarians vacated the building in 1997, when it passed to the Patriarchate of the Romanian Orthodox Church.
The Rural Municipality of Buckland No. 491 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 15 and SARM Division No. 5. It is located near the City of Prince Albert.
Nicki Sørensen is a Danish former professional road bicycle racer, and was directeur sportif of UCI Professional Continental team Aqua Blue Sport. He competed in five consecutive editions of the Tour de France from 2001 to 2005. Riding as an all-round rider who rode well in hilly terrain, Sørensen was a valued support for the team leader without many wins of his own.
Mattias Kent Moström is a Swedish professional footballer who plays for Norwegian Eliteserien club Molde, as a midfielder. He started his career with AIK, before he made his first-team debut with FC Café Opera. He later returned to AIK before he moved to his current club Molde in 2007.
The Harlow PJC-2 was a 1930s American four-seat cabin monoplane, designed by Max Harlow.
Billy Soose was an American boxer who won the world middleweight championship in 1941.
Minangkabau is an Austronesian language spoken by the Minangkabau of West Sumatra, the western part of Riau, South Aceh Regency, the northern part of Bengkulu and Jambi, also in several cities throughout Indonesia by migrated Minangkabau. The language is also a lingua franca along the western coastal region of the province of North Sumatra, and is even used in parts of Aceh, where the language is called Aneuk Jamee.
The Palace of Venaria is a former royal residence and gardens located in Venaria Reale, near Turin in the Metropolitan City of Turin of the Piedmont region in northern Italy. With 80,000m² in palace area and over 950.000m² in premises, it is one the largest palaces in the world. It is one of the Residences of the Royal House of Savoy, included in the UNESCO Heritage List in 1997.
Leptacris is a genus of grasshoppers in the family Acrididae, subfamily Hemiacridinae.
Toshiki Kurobane is a professional Japanese baseball player. He plays catcher for the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters.
Prospect State Scenic Viewpoint, is a state park south of the community of Prospect on Oregon Route 62 in Jackson County, in the U.S. state of Oregon. It was formerly known as Mill Creek Falls Scenic Area, a private hiking area that was developed by Willamette Industries along the Rogue River. Both Mill Creek Falls and Pearsony Falls are contained within the area, with Barr Creek Falls close by.
Stade Municipal du Ray was a football stadium in Nice, France. It was the home of OGC Nice since it opened in 1927 and had a capacity of 17,415. It was popular for being located in the center of the city, but suffers from its old structure and small capacity.
Ken Samaras, better known by his stage name Nekfeu, is a French-Greek rapper, actor and record producer. He is also a member of the bands L'entourage and 1995. He started his career as a member of the group S-Crew, with childhood friends Framal, Mekra, 2Zer Washington and DJ Elite. He joined 1995 in 2007, participating in open mic duels around Paris.
South Shanghai Railway Station is an interchange station between Lines 1 and 3 of the Shanghai Metro. It is the southern terminus of Line 3.
St. John’s Centre is a provincial electoral district for the House of Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. Much of the former district of St. John's Centre was renamed St. John's East in 1996. As of 2011 there were 7,846 eligible voters living within the district.
Congenital cartilaginous rest of the neck is a minor and very rare congenital cutaneous condition characterized by branchial arch remnants that are considered to be the cervical variant of accessory tragus. It resembles a rudimentary pinna that in most cases is located in the lower anterior part of the neck.
Rashad Steward Baker is a former American football safety. He was signed by the Buffalo Bills as an undrafted free agent in 2004. He played college football at Tennessee.
Cephaloon ungulare is a species of false longhorn beetle in the family Stenotrachelidae. It is found in North America.
Pre Rup is a Hindu temple at Angkor, Cambodia, built as the state temple of Khmer king Rajendravarman and dedicated in 961 or early 962. It is a temple mountain of combined brick, laterite and sandstone construction.
"Dorwin Demarcus Dorrough, known professionally as Dorrough Music, is an American rapper and songwriter. His singles include ""Walk That Walk"", ""Get Big"", ""Ice Cream Paint Job"", and ""Beat Up the Block"". He has produced a series of 6 mixtapes and 2 studio albums."
The First Italian War of Independence was part of the Italian unification or Risorgimento. It was fought by the Kingdom of Sardinia and Italian volunteers against the Austrian Empire and other conservative states from 23 March 1848 to 22 August 1849 in the Italian peninsula.
The Madonna of Humility is a painting by Fra Angelico which belongs to the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum in Madrid and is conserved on loan at the National Art Museum of Catalonia.
A partial solar eclipse will occur on Friday, May 11, 2040. A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun, thereby totally or partly obscuring the image of the Sun for a viewer on Earth. A partial solar eclipse occurs in the polar regions of the Earth when the center of the Moon's shadow misses the Earth.
Gymnocalycium ochoterenae is a species of Gymnocalycium from Argentina.
Argis is a French commune in the Ain department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of eastern France.
"The Mendocino County wine is an appellation that designates wine made from grapes grown mostly in Mendocino County, California. The region is part of the larger North Coast AVA and one of California's largest and most climatically diverse wine growing regions. Mendocino County is one of the northernmost commercial wine grape regions in the state with two distinct climate zones separated by the Mendocino Range. Ten American Viticultural Areas have been designated within Mendocino County. Mendocino is one of the leading wine growing regions for organically produced wine grapes. Nearly 25% of the acreage in Mendocino County is grown organically. In 2004, the residents of the county voted to become the first GMO-free county in the United States in an initiative that was supported by many of the county's largest wineries. The county's widespread focus on organic viticulture has inspired journalists to describe it as ""California's organic wine Mecca""."
Zellwood is a census-designated place and an unincorporated area in Orange County, Florida, United States. The population was 2,817 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Orlando–Kissimmee Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Takimizu Station is a railway station on the Hohi Main Line operated by JR Kyushu in Aso, Kumamoto, Japan.
René Frégni is an award-winning French novelist.
Jaheel Hyde is a Jamaican track and field athlete. He was the 2014 world junior champion in the 400 metres hurdles and the 2013 world youth champion in the 110 metres hurdles.
Riviera delle Palme is a tourist area along the Marche Coast of Italy. It extends from Cupra Marittima to the Tronto River, passing through Grottammare and San Benedetto del Tronto. It is considered one the most important touristic location of the Marche region. The name of the region derives from the thousands of palm trees, mainly of the species Phoenix canariensis, Washingtonia and P. sylvestris that are prevalent in the landscape.
Prosilio is a village of the Katerini municipality. Before the 2011 local government reform it was part of the municipality of Katerini, of which it was a municipal district. The 2011 census recorded 158 inhabitants in the village. Prosilio is a part of the community of Svoronos.
Brigadier General Darlene M. Goff is the first female general officer of the South Carolina National Guard. She retired in March 2015.
The Oahu amakihi is a species of Hawaiian honeycreeper in the family Fringillidae. The male is rich yellow below, sharply contrasted with greenish upper parts. Females are duller and have two prominent wing-bars. It has a total length of approximately 4.5 inches. It is endemic to the island of Oahu in Hawaii, and is likely the only surviving honeycreeper endemic to the island.
Glendalough Upper Lake is a glacial lake near Glendalough, County Wicklow, Ireland.
Neuhofen an der Krems is a municipality in the district Linz-Land in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.
Birieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Érika Alejandra Olivera de la Fuente is a female marathon runner from Chile and deputy for the National Renewal party.
Crimson Editor is a freeware text editor for Microsoft Windows. It is typically used as a source code editor and HTML editor. The author was Ingyu Kang.
Fleur Nagengast is a Dutch professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's Continental Team Parkhotel Valkenburg.
West Bangka Regency is a regency of Bangka Belitung Islands Province, Indonesia. Muntok is its regency seat.
Kendall is a village in Monroe County, Wisconsin, United States, along the Baraboo River. The population was 472 at the 2010 census.
Danny Ahn is a South Korean entertainer best known as the main rapper of the South Korean pop music group g.o.d. He is notable for his unique rapping. Having made his debut in the entertainment industry as a member of g.o.d in 1999, Ahn has gone into acting and has also been a radio DJ and MC.
Guardiola is a genus of plants in the sunflower family, native to Mexico and the southwestern United States. Members of the genus are subshrubs with simple, opposite leaves and terminal inflorescences.
The black redstart is a small passerine bird in the redstart genus Phoenicurus. Like its relatives, it was formerly classed as a member of the thrush family, but is now known to be an Old World flycatcher. Other common names are Tithy's redstart, blackstart and black redtail.
Chelsea Market is a food hall, shopping mall, office building and television production facility located in the Chelsea neighborhood of the borough of Manhattan, in New York City. The Chelsea Market complex occupies an entire city block with a connecting bridge over Tenth Avenue to the adjacent 85 Tenth Avenue building. The High Line passes through the 10th Avenue side of the building.
The GV-E400 series is a diesel-electric multiple unit train type operated by East Japan Railway Company around Niigata and Akita areas of Japan from 2019.
Marion Henriëtte Louise Molly, known professionally as Milly Scott, is a Dutch singer and actress of Surinamese origin, best known for her participation in the Eurovision Song Contest 1966. She is recognised as the first black singer ever to take part in the Eurovision Song Contest.
Cape Schanck is the south end of the Mornington Peninsula, Victoria, Australia. It is a piece of land that separates Port Phillip Bay and Westernport Bay. It is a narrow headland with cliffs 84.7 metres high. It has a lighthouse made from limestone built in 1859. In December 1800, Cape Schanck was named by Lieutenant James Grant after Admiral James Schank.
Junornis is a bird genus, belonging to the Enantiornithes, that during the Early Cretaceous lived in the area of present China.
Orava is a reservoir in northernmost Slovakia, forming the largest lake in Slovakia. It was created by the construction of a dam between 1941 and 1953 on the former two sources of the Orava river. Several former villages had to be inundated for this purpose, including Hamri, Oszada, and Usztye. Probably the best known of them was Slanica, the birthplace of the Slovak intellectual and cleric Anton Bernolák. Today, the reservoir is protected by the Horná Orava Protected Landscape Area.
The Battle of Vittsjö was a battle between Sweden and Denmark-Norway that took place in 1612; it was more a case of the Swedes fleeing the Danes than a full-scale battle.
The Manhattan Club was a social club in Manhattan, New York founded in 1865 and dissolved around 1979.
City Business Center is a complex of five buildings in the Bratislava city district Staré mesto, first two finished in 2006 and 2007. The complex is bordered by the Karadžiova street and Dostrojevského rad street, in the area known as Central Business District where more office and business complex projects are now being developed. Originally the complex was to include four administrative buildings and one residential building. The purpose of the last building, CBC V, was changed from residential to office after restarting the construction of second phase.
David Kwong is a magician, puzzle creator, writer, and producer.
The Oasis Leisure Centre is an entertainment and sports complex, situated outside Swindon town centre. It has many facilities available, such as a lagoon swimming pool, gym, bar and concert hall.
Vysoká (Mlník District) is a village and municipality in Mlník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Philippe Donnet is a French business executive who has served as the CEO of the Italian company Assicurazioni Generali since March 2016.
Cerura erminea is a moth of the family Notodontidae, also known as the lesser puss moth or feline. It is found in Europe.
Pepper mild mottle virus is a plant pathogenic virus that occurs worldwide on species of field grown bell, hot and ornamental pepper species. It is caused by members of the plant virus genus Tobamovirus- otherwise known as the tobacco mosaic virus family. Tobamovirus are viruses that contain positive sense RNA genomes that infect plants. Symptoms of the disease vary depending on the cultivar. Typical symptoms include the chlorosis of leaves, stunting, and distorted and lumpy fruiting structures. The virus is spread by mechanical transmission and infected seeds. Avoidance is the best means of controlling the disease because once a plant is infected it cannot be treated. Only seeds that have been tested and treated for the pathogen should be planted.
USS Geronimo (ATA-207) an auxiliary ocean tug, was built by the Gulfport Boiler and Welding Works of Port Arthur, Texas, and originally designated ATR-134. Launched 4 January 1945 as ATA-207, she commissioned 1 March 1945, Lt. Joseph K. Hawkins in command. On 16 July 1948, she was named Geronimo, the second U.S. Navy named after the Apache chief Geronimo.
Emi Suzuki, also called Emichee, is a Chinese-born Japanese model and retired occasional actress. She debuted in 2005 with Seventeen and remains a prominent figure in the fashion and modelling industry.
The South African ostrich, also known as the black-necked ostrich, Cape ostrich or southern ostrich is a subspecies of the common ostrich endemic to Southern Africa. It is widely farmed for its meat, eggs and feathers.
Rod Pelton is a state representative from Cheyenne Wells, Colorado. A Republican, Pelton represents Colorado House of Representatives District 65, which encompasses Morgan, Logan, Yuma, Kit Carson, Phillips, Sedgwick, and Cheyenne counties.
Crossett Experimental Forest is an experimental forest operated by the Southern Research Station of the United States Forest Service in Ashley County, Arkansas. It is managed out of the SRS office in Monticello, Arkansas, with onsite facilities about 6.8 miles south of Crossett, Arkansas off Arkansas Highway 133.
Košolná is a village and municipality of Trnava District in the Trnava region of Slovakia.
David Beazley is an American software engineer. He has made significant contributions to the Python developer community, which includes writing the definitive Python reference text Python Essential Reference, the SWIG software tool for creating language agnostic C and C++ extensions, and the PLY parsing tool. He has served on the program committees for PyCon and the O'Reilly Open Source Convention, and was elected a fellow of the Python Software Foundation in 2002.
The River Glyde is a river in north-eastern Ireland, flowing from Co. Cavan to Co. Louth.
The Cerbillona, culminating at 3,247 m in the massif du Vignemale, constitutes the south-western high fringe of the glacier d'Ossoue with the Pic central and the Clot de la Hount. The Montferrat constitutes the southern fringe. The Pique longue is the highest summit of the massif and also of the French Pyrenees.
Wierschem is a municipality in the district of Mayen-Koblenz in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Steven David Johnson is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He made his Major League Baseball debut with the Baltimore Orioles in 2012 and also played in MLB for the Seattle Mariners.
Jeff Marchelletta is an American film producer, film and television actor.
The Jamaican becard is a species of bird in the family Tityridae. Its genus, Pachyramphus, has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae, but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae.
Kinsa Inc. is a health technology company headquartered in San Francisco, California, United States. Kinsa’s mission is to help individuals and communities stop the spread of infectious illness. To achieve this mission, Kinsa has built a communication network that connects more than a million users with a free app, email alerts, and the first device used when illness is suspected -- a thermometer.
Sarah Wayne Callies is an American actress. She is known for starring as Sara Tancredi in Fox's Prison Break and as Lori Grimes in AMC's The Walking Dead. She has also starred as Katie Bowman in USA Network's Colony and Robin Perry in NBC's Council of Dads.
Ernst Ammann is a retired Swiss hammer thrower. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and placed 19th; his wife Sieglinde competed alongside in the pentathlon and long jump.
The People's United Party was a left-wing political party in South Korea that was formed on 27 February 2016. Many of its members came from the Unified Progressive Party.
Treuzy-Levelay is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Flavio Calzavara was an Italian film director and screenwriter. He directed 21 films between 1939 and 1956.
The 1998 United States Senate election in New Hampshire was held November 3, 1998. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Judd Gregg won re-election to his second term.
Triumph Township is a township in Warren County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 286 at the 2000 census.
The greenish warbler is a widespread leaf warbler with a breeding range in northeastern Europe, and temperate to subtropical continental Asia. This warbler is strongly migratory and winters in India. It is not uncommon as a spring or early autumn vagrant in Western Europe and is annually seen in Great Britain. In Central Europe large numbers of vagrant birds are encountered in some years; some of these may stay to breed, as a handful of pairs does each year in Germany.
Güster is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
The Mindanao pygmy fruit bat is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae. It is monotypic within the genus Alionycteris. It is endemic to the Philippines. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss. It is a high-elevation specialist which is either scarce or overtaken by tourist hotspots. As a result, this species may be seeking new elevated habitats likely in the southern region of the Philippines and along the islands of Sulawesi as well.
The Type 93 Air-to-Ship Missile is an Air-to-ship missile developed in Japan.
Cherry Glazerr is an American rock band from Los Angeles, California, United States, formed in 2013. The current lineup consists of guitarist and lead vocalist Clementine Creevy, bassist Sami Perez and drummer Tabor Allen. The band's sound has transitioned from lo-fi, garage-rock in their debut release Haxel Princess in 2014, to a more polished rock sound, with elements of grunge, punk and new wave, in their subsequent releases Apocalipstick and Stuffed & Ready.
Aporrhais serresiana is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Aporrhaidae, the pelican's foot snails or pelican's foot shells.
The Responsories by the German composer Max Reger are 20 short settings of mostly biblical texts in English, to be used as responsories in Lutheran church services. Composed in 1911, they were first published in Philadelphia in 1914 as The Responsories.
Égriselles-le-Bocage is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
The Haisla are an amalgamation of two bands, the Kitamaat people of upper Douglas Channel and Devastation Channel and the Kitlope People of upper Princess Royal Channel and Gardner Canal in British Columbia, Canada.
The Clemson University Historic District I is a collection of historic properties on the campus of Clemson University in Clemson, South Carolina. The district contains eight contributing properties located along the northern portion of the campus. Included are some of the oldest academic buildings on campus. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
The Valentine is a museum in Richmond, Virginia dedicated to collecting, preserving and interpreting Richmond's history. Founded by Mann S. Valentine II 1898, it was the first museum in Richmond. The Valentine offers rotating exhibitions, walking tours, programs, special events, research opportunities and more as a way to engage, educate and challenge a diverse audience. The Valentine also includes the Wickham House, a National Historical Landmark.
Borovichsky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the twenty-one in Novgorod Oblast, Russia. It is located in the east of the oblast and borders with Khvoyninsky District in the north, Moshenskoy District in the east, Udomelsky District of Tver Oblast in the southeast, Bologovsky District of Tver Oblast in the south, Okulovsky District in the west, and with Lyubytinsky District in the northwest. The area of the district is 3,100 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the town of Borovichi. Population: 15,675; 19,085; 21,648.
Peter Koppes is a guitarist, best known as a founding and almost-continuous member of Australian independent rock band The Church. He is a multi-instrumentalist, also playing mandolin, drums, piano, and harmonica. He has also released various solo albums and various recordings with his group The Well Koppes lives on the Sunshine Coast in Queensland where he also produces albums and conducts seasonal 'song writing' and 'performance for demo recording' short courses at Nambour TAFE, as well as offering private tuition in guitar, drums and song writing. His daughters are Tatiana 'O' Koppes and Neige Koppes who have their own band, Rain Party.
The Canadair CL-215 is the first model in a series of flying boat amphibious aircraft designed and built by Canadian aircraft manufacturer Canadair, and later produced by Bombardier. It is one of only a handful of large amphibious aircraft to have been produced in large numbers during the post-war era, and the first to be developed from the onset as a water bomber.
Eden Township is a township in Decatur County, Iowa, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 279.
A limited express is a type of express train service. It refers to an express service that stops at a limited number of stops in comparison to other express services on the same or similar routes.
Alajuela is a district in the Alajuela canton of the Alajuela Province of Costa Rica, known as “The Capital of the World” by the locals. As the seat of the Municipality of Alajuela canton, it is awarded the status of city. In virtue of being the city of the first canton of the province, it is also the capital of the Province of Alajuela.
Osvaldo Roberto Rodríguez Flores is a Costa Rican footballer who plays as a right winger for AD San Carlos.
Lactuca saligna is a species of wild lettuce known by the common name willowleaf lettuce, and least lettuce. It is native to Eurasia but it grows in many other places as an introduced species, including much of North America.
Valbois is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Pompeo Mariani was an Italian painter.
Echigo-Takiya Station is a railway station in the city of Nagaoka, Niigata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
Mengzhuang is a metro station of Zhengzhou Metro Chengjiao line.
Culcasia scandens is an African climbing plant, often epiphytic, with slender, wiry stems, up to 5 m long clinging to tree trunks by means of clasping roots, and growing on forest and stream margins and in savanna. It is native to countries of western tropical Africa from Senegal east and south to Angola.
The Order of Columbus was a short-lived Brazilian order of merit. It was instituted on 6 June 1890, just two months after the abolition of all Imperial Brazilian Orders.
The Battle of Isefjord was a clash that occurred when the coastal defence ship HDMS Niels Juel was attacked by German forces as she tried to escape to neutral Sweden.
Pedro Viola is a Dominican Republic professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball for the Cincinnati Reds and Baltimore Orioles. He was called up to MLB on September 2, 2009 after was 2-2 with a 5.47 ERA and converted eight of 11 save chances for the Triple-A Louisville Bats.
Hiimb is a powerful Dimasa Kachari king in the Mahbhrata.
The Shire of Yarrawonga was a local government area on the Murray River, in the Goulburn Valley region, about 260 kilometres northeast of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia. The shire covered an area of 626.78 square kilometres, and existed from 1891 until 1994.
Chamroen Songkitrat, born as Samroeng Srimadi, was a Thai boxer and policeman. Songkitrat was a champion Muay Thai fighter in Thailand with over 50 fights before becoming an orthodox boxer. He made two unsuccessful attempts at the NBA World Bantamweight title to Jimmy Carruthers and Robert Cohen in May and September 1954, both to audiences over 60,000.
The Chinese Soviet Republic, also known as the Soviet Republic of China or the China Soviet Republic, is often referred to in historical sources as the Jiangxi Soviet. It was established in November 1931 by future Communist Party of China leader Mao Zedong, General Zhu De and others, and it lasted until 1937. Discontiguous territories included the Northeastern Jiangxi, Hunan-Jiangxi, Hunan-Hubei-Jiangxi, Hunan-Western Hubei, Hunan-Hubei-Sichuan-Guizhou, Shaanxi-Gansu, Szechuan-Shensi, Hubei-Henan-Anhui and Haifeng-Lufeng Soviets.
"William LaMont ""T"" Thompson is President and CEO of the Association of Graduates of the United States Air Force Academy. A native of Orangeburg, South Carolina, he was one of the first African-American students to desegregate previously all-white Orangeburg High School in 1965. He became the first African-American from South Carolina to receive an appointment to the U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado in 1969. Captain Thompson also enjoyed a twenty-five-year career with Delta Air Lines and served as Commissioner of the Massachusetts Aeronautics Commission. The longest serving Commissioner in its history, he has worked under both Democratic and Republican governors. Thompson was appointed by Gov. John Hickenlooper to the Colorado Aeronautical Board, effective 1 February 2013. He is also an attorney and member of the District of Columbia and Massachusetts Bars."
Jeffrey Patrick Kinney is an American author and cartoonist, best known for the children's book series Diary of a Wimpy Kid. He also created the child-oriented website Poptropica.
Parque Batlle, formerly Parque de los Aliados, is a barrio and a major public central park in Montevideo, Uruguay. It is named in honour of José Batlle y Ordóñez, President of Uruguay from 1911–1915.
"The Kamppi Chapel is a chapel in Kamppi, Helsinki, located on the Narinkka Square. It is also known as the ""Chapel of Silence"" since it is intended to be a place to calm down and have a moment of silence in one of the busiest areas in Finland.
Palaeocentrotus is an extinct genus of Lampridiformes.
Westover is a borough in Clearfield County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 390 at the 2010 census.
Craig-y-llyn is a subsidiary summit of Cadair Idris in the Snowdonia National Park, in Gwynedd, northwest Wales. It lies at the western end of the long Cadair Idris ridge. Its north-facing cwm houses the small glacial lake, Llyn Cyri. The southern flanks have gentle slopes, while the northern are very steep and contain broken crags.
Perry Township is one of the fifteen townships of Ashland County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census the population was 1,990.
Shinde Chhatri, located in Wanwadi, a well known place in Pune, India, is a memorial dedicated to the 18th century military leader Mahadji Shinde who served as the commander-in-chief of the Maratha army under the Peshwas from 1760 to 1780. It is one of the most significant landmarks in the city and is reminiscent of the Maratha rule. It is a hall that marks the spot of Mahadji Shinde's cremation on 12 February 1794.
Electronic Poet, also known as E.P., is an outdoor 1984 sculpture by Keith Jellum, located above the sidewalk on Southwest Morrison Street, between 9th and 10th Avenues in downtown Portland, Oregon. The abstract piece is made of bronze and an LED light board which displays poems programmed in a loop. It is administered by the Regional Arts & Culture Council.
Uinta National Forest is a national forest located in north central Utah, USA. It was originally part of the Uinta Forest Reserve, created by Grover Cleveland on 2 February 1897. The name is derived from the Ute word Yoov-we-teuh which means pine forest. Because of changes to the boundaries over the years, the Uinta Mountains are now located in the Wasatch-Cache National Forest. In August 2007 it was announced that the Uinta National Forest would merge with the Wasatch-Cache National Forest based in Salt Lake City, Utah, 50 miles north of Provo, Utah.
Hesperopsis libya, the Mojave sootywing, Mohave sootywing, Great Basin sootywing or Lena sooty wing, is a butterfly of the family Hesperiidae. It is found in North America from eastern Oregon east to Montana and south to southern California, Arizona, and north-western Mexico including Baja California.
Giuseppe Battiston is an Italian actor. He has appeared in more than 50 films since 1990.
"David Lee Henderson, nicknamed ""Hendu"", was an American professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball for the Seattle Mariners, Boston Red Sox, San Francisco Giants, Oakland Athletics, and Kansas City Royals during his 14-year career, primarily as an outfielder.
Saga Prefectural Nagoya Castle Museum opened in 1993 in Karatsu, Saga Prefecture, Japan, on the site of Nagoya Castle, built in 1591 as the base for Hideyoshi's invasions of Korea. It displays artefacts excavated from the castle site and other materials relating to three main themes: the history of exchange between the Japanese archipelago and Korean peninsula; the preservation of the Special Historic Site of Nagoya Castle; cultural and academic exchange between Japan and Korea. The 2,000,000th visit was in August 2010.
Minami-Yufu Station is a railway station on the Kydai Main Line operated by JR Kyushu in Yufu, ita Prefecture, Japan.
Vrchotovy Janovice is a market town in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 1,000 inhabitants.
Estill County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2010 census, the population was 14,672. Its county seat is Irvine
Ophiocoma echinata, the spiny ophiocoma, is a species of brittle star belonging to the family Ophiocomidae. It is the type species of the genus Ophiocoma and is found in the tropical west Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico.
The Kuvasz, is an ancient breed of livestock dog of Hungarian origin. Mention of the breed can be found in old Hungarian texts. They have historically been royal guard dogs, or guarded livestock, but have been increasingly found in homes as pets over the last seventy years.
Aotearoa magna is a species of spiders in the Mecysmaucheniidae family. It was first described in 1949 by Forster. As of 2017, it is the only species in the genus Aotearoa, erected by Forster and Platnick in 1984. It is found in New Zealand.
The Muharraq Governorate is one of the four governorates of Bahrain. It is now co-extensive with the municipality of Al Muharraq and with Muharraq Island together with outlying islets. It includes the former municipality of Al Hadd at the southern end of that island.
Tsougria, Tsoungria, or Tsougkria is a Greek island in the western part of the Sporades. As of 2011, it had no resident population, as it is a protected natural habitat. It is administratively part of the municipality of Skiathos and is located southeast of the island. The island has several beaches that are popular with yachts and round-island trips.
Jamey Jasta is an American musician from New Haven, Connecticut. He is best known as the lead vocalist of the metalcore band Hatebreed and sludge metal band Kingdom of Sorrow. Jasta also fronts metalcore band Icepick. Prior to Hatebreed, Jasta fronted the hardcore band Jasta 14.
Lake Sukhodolskoye is a narrow 40 km long lake on the Karelian Isthmus located in Priozersky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia. It is a part of the Vuoksi River basin, constituting its southern armlet, and drained by Burnaya River.
Alexandr Shushemoin is a Kazakhstani former professional racing cyclist, who now works as a directeur sportif for UCI Continental team Vino–Astana Motors. He rode in the men's team time trial at the 2015 UCI Road World Championships.
Humphreys County is a county located in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2010 census, the population was 9,375. Its county seat is Belzoni. The county is named for Benjamin G. Humphreys. Humphreys County is Mississippi's newest county, having been formed in 1918. Humphreys County is located in the Mississippi Delta region.
"12 O'Clock High is an American military drama television series set in World War II. It was originally broadcast on ABC-TV for two-and-one-half TV seasons from September 1964 through January 1967 and was based on the 1949 film of the same name. The series was a co-production of 20th Century Fox Television and QM Productions. This show is one of the two QM shows not to display a copyright notice at the beginning, but rather at the end and the only one not to display the standard ""A QM Production"" closing card on the closing credits."
Jerzy Micha Woodyjowski is a fictional Polish hero in Henryk Sienkiewicz's Trilogy: With Fire and Sword, The Deluge and Pan Woodyjowski.
The Detroit River Light, also known as Bar Point Shoal Light, was first established as a lightship in 1875. The current sparkplug lighthouse was built in 1885. It sits in Lake Erie, south of the mouth of the Detroit River, 1.75 nautical miles from land and about 20 nautical miles from the Ambassador Bridge in the Detroit River. It is about 0.4 nautical miles from the border with Canada, and just under 24 nautical miles from Put-in-Bay, Ohio. Its original 4th order Fresnel lens is on loan to the Michigan Maritime Museum.
Pervin Buldan is a Turkish politician of Kurdish origin. She was a member of the Democratic Society Party. She is President of Yakay-Der and one of the deputy speakers in the 26th Parliament of Turkey. On 11 February 2018, she was elected co-leader of the Peoples' Democratic Party in the party's 3rd ordinary congress.
Denisse Lillian Laval Soza, better known by her stage name Nicole, is a Chilean singer-songwriter, based in Santiago and Miami.
Antonia Dorotea de Chopitea de Villota was a Chile-born philanthropist and social worker based in Barcelona. She is considered the principal patroness and the most important social work promoter in Barcelona in the 19th century. She was declared Venerable by Pope John Paul I on 9 June 1983.
John A. Bollinger is an American author, financial analyst, contributor to the field of technical analysis and the developer of Bollinger Bands. His book Bollinger on Bollinger Bands, has been translated into eleven languages. Since 1987, he has published the Capital Growth Letter, a newsletter which provides technical analysis of the financial markets.
Butchers Shop is a heritage-listed butcher shop at 2 Kehoe Place, Yungaburra, Tablelands Region, Queensland, Australia. It was built c. 1922. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
Fearnhill School is a mixed secondary school and sixth form located in Letchworth, Hertfordshire, England.
Itaewon Station is a station on Line 6 of the Seoul Subway. It takes its name from the neighborhood in which it is located in, also called Itaewon. There are many shops and restaurants for foreigners located close to Itaewon Station.
Haralson is a town in Coweta and Meriwether counties in the U.S. state of Georgia. The population was 166 at the 2010 census. It is noted for being one of the filming locations for both The Walking Dead and Lawless.
Mary Virginia Martin was an American actress, singer, and Broadway star. A muse of Rodgers and Hammerstein, she originated many leading roles over her career including Nellie Forbush in South Pacific and Maria von Trapp in The Sound of Music. She was named a Kennedy Center Honoree in 1989. She was the mother of actor Larry Hagman.
Phoenicia is a hamlet of Shandaken in Ulster County, New York, United States. The population was 309 at the 2010 census, making it the highest populated community in the town. The village center is located just off Route 28 at its junction with Route 214 and is nestled at the base of three peaks, Mount Tremper, Romer Mountain, and Sheridan Mountain. The community sits at the confluence of the Esopus Creek and Stony Clove Creek. A popular getaway for New Yorkers, the hamlet has frequented many tourism guides as among the best vacation towns in the greater New York City area.
The 846th Bombardment Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the 489th Bombardment Group. It was assigned to the 489th Bombardment Group, flying Consolidated B-24 Liberators. After training in the United States, it moved to England and engaged in combat until V-E Day. It returned to United States in 1945 and began training with the Boeing B-29 Superfortress, but was inactivated at March Field, California on 17 October 1945.
The Kimmswick Limestone is an Ordovician geologic formation in Arkansas, Illinois and Missouri. Fossils occurring in the Kimmswick include corals, bryozoans, brachiopods, conodonts, trilobites, crinoids and mollusks.
Kristina Matisic is the host, with Anna Wallner, of The Shopping Bags, Anna & Kristina's Grocery Bag, and Anna & Kristina's Beauty Call.
The Jabiru 5100 is a lightweight four-stroke horizontally opposed flat-eight air-cooled aircraft engine, manufactured by Jabiru Aircraft.
Asaphidion yukonense is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It is found in North America.
Tinakula is a conical stratovolcano which forms an island north of Nendo in Temotu Province, Solomon Islands. It lies at the north end of the Santa Cruz Islands. It is about 3.5 kilometres wide and rises 851 metres above sea level, rising three to four kilometres from the sea floor. The volcano was first recorded in eruption in 1595 when Álvaro de Mendaña sailed past it.
Morpho telemachus is a Neotropical butterfly.
The Isan people or Northeastern Thai people are an ethno-regional group native to Northeastern Thailand with an estimated population of about 22 million. Alternative terms for this group are Tai Isan, Thai-Lao, Lao Isan, or Isan Lao. Like Thais and Lao, they belong to the linguistic family of Tai peoples.
Angraecinae is a subtribe in the family Orchidaceae. The subtribe consists of approximately 18 genera and about 360 species. The type genus is Angraecum. Most of the genera are endemic to Africa, Madagascar and other Indian Ocean Islands, a few genera can also be found in the Americas.
Stigmatogobius is a genus of fish in the goby subfamily, Gobionellinae. It is distributed in the Indo-Pacific region, specifically the Indo-Malayan zone. Species can be found along the substrate or hiding in plant litter in freshwater habitat, and sometimes in estuary habitat, such as mangrove stands.
The Indonesian honeyeater is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae. It is the only species of honeyeater to occur west of the Wallace Line, the biogeographical boundary between the Australian-Papuan and Oriental zoogeographical regions. The species is sometimes considered conspecific with the brown honeyeater.
The Ca Rater Mallorquí is a Spanish breed of dog from the island of Majorca.
Mechetlinsky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the fifty-four in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia. It is located in the northeast of the republic and borders with Sverdlovsk Oblast in the north, Belokataysky District in the east, Kiginsky District in the southeast, and with Duvansky District in the south and west. The area of the district is 1,556.67 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the rural locality of Bolsheustyikinskoye. As of the 2010 Census, the total population of the district was 25,032, with the population of Bolsheustyikinskoye accounting for 31.3% of that number.
Shun Tin is one of the 37 constituencies in the Kwun Tong District of Hong Kong which was created in 1994 and currently held by nonpartisan Cheung Shun-wah.
Govind Arun Ahuja, known mononymously as Govinda, is an Indian film actor, comedian, dancer, and former politician, known best for his work in Hindi-language films.
Allobates trilineatus is a species of frog in the family Aromobatidae. It is found in northern Bolivia and Peru east of the Cordillera Oriental and in western Brazil, possibly extending into Colombia. It has been confused with Allobates marchesianus.
The Dongfeng Fengguang 580 is a compact crossover SUV produced by the Chinese automaker Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd., under the Dongfeng Sokon sub-brand since 2016.
The Dr. Joseph Y. Porter House is a historic home in Key West, Florida. It is located at 429 Caroline Street. On June 4, 1973, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Sago is a mountain in West Sumatra, Indonesia. It is near to the city of Payakumbuh and the town of Batusangkar.
Sunland Park is a city in southern Doña Ana County, New Mexico, United States, on the borders of Texas and the Mexican state of Chihuahua, with Ciudad Juárez adjoining it on the south and El Paso, Texas on the east. The community of Santa Teresa adjoins it on the northwest. The population of Sunland Park was 14,106 at the 2010 census and was estimated at 17,978 by the United States Census Bureau in 2019. Though it lies adjacent to El Paso, being in Doña Ana County makes it a part of the Las Cruces metropolitan statistical area. Las Cruces is 42 miles to the north.
Shimsa-Toyosato Station is a railway station operated by JR East’s Narita Line located in Chshi, Chiba Prefecture, Japan. It is 66.2 kilometers from the terminus of the Narita Line at Sakura Station.
Kraselov is a village and municipality in Strakonice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Genoni is a comune in the Province of South Sardinia in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 70 kilometres north of Cagliari and about 35 kilometres southeast of Oristano.
The Chariot was an American metalcore band from Douglasville, Georgia, that existed from 2003 to 2013. The last lineup consisted of drummer David Kennedy, vocalist and bandleader Josh Scogin, and guitarists Brandon Henderson and Stephen Harrison. The band experienced frequent lineup changes since its inception, with Scogin being the only original member. The band played an abrasive style of metalcore that did not adhere to typical stylings popular among their contemporaries such as melodic/abrasive dynamics and harmonic vocals. They built a reputation around their powerful live performances, with Scogin's lyrics covering topics like materialism, personal struggle, current events, politics, and Christian themes.
Kõrkküla is a village in Viru-Nigula Parish, Lääne-Viru County in northeastern Estonia. It's located on the coast of the Gulf of Finland, by the Tallinn–Narva road, just southeast of Aseri. Kõrkküla has a population of 40.
Tobias Joachim Friden Andersson is a Swedish politician of the Sweden Democrats. He has been Member of the Riksdag since September 2018, representing the constituency of Västra Götaland County East. He is also National Spokesperson of the Young Swedes SDU since 1 October 2015, the first person to hold the position.
Sémalens is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.
Washington Square is a shopping mall in the city of Tigard, Oregon, United States. Located in the Portland metropolitan area along Oregon Route 217, the shopping complex is one of the top grossing malls per square foot in the United States, with sales of $716/ft². Opened in 1973, the mall is currently managed and co-owned by The Macerich Company, a real estate investment trust, and is anchored by Macy's, Nordstrom, JCPenney, and Dick's Sporting Goods.
tsuka Station is a railway station in Toshima, Tokyo, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
The City of Berwick was a local government area about 40 kilometres southeast of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia. The city covered an area of 120.43 square kilometres, and existed from 1973 until 1994.
Phoracantha semipunctata, the Australian Eucalyptus longhorn, is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, its common name is the eucalyptus longhorned borer. It is an invasive pest species of eucalyptus originating from Australia.
The Thames River is located in southwestern Ontario, Canada.
Chropyn is a town in the Zlín Region, Czech Republic.
Fenglin railway station is a railway station located in Fenglin Township, Hualien County, Taiwan. It is located on the Taitung line and is operated by the Taiwan Railways Administration.
The Central American least shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae. It is found in the highlands and mid-elevations from the western part of the northern coast of Honduras to central Costa Rica. It is found in El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Costa Rica. It was considered to be a subspecies of the North American least shrew until 2002.
Shaneh-Kuh is a mountain in the Takht-e Suleyman Massif, Alborz mountain range, north of Iran.
Björn Karl Michael Wirdheim is a Swedish professional racing driver. He is the son of Örnulf Wirdheim, also a racing driver. Björn began racing karts, competing in his first race, at the age of 10. His main achievement to date is becoming the International Formula 3000 Champion in 2003.
Yagiri Station is a railway station in Matsudo, Chiba, Japan, operated by the Hokus Railway.
Flerzheim is a district of Rheinbach in the Rhein-Sieg-Kreis in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Chrome chalcedony is a green variety of the mineral chalcedony, colored by small quantities of chromium.
Brassac is a commune in the Ariège department of southwestern France.
Víctor Rivas Goire, also known as Victor Rivas, is a Cuban professional baseball first baseman. Rivas played for the Cuban National Baseball Team in two international competitions. At age 17 he debuted on the Cuban National Team adult roster, where he played two seasons. At age 19 he attempted to defect from Cuba in 2011, seeking a career in MLB, was unsuccessful in that attempt and was banned by the Cuban government and from participating in baseball for two years. Rivas attempted a second time and was banned from playing baseball one more year. He then leaves the island legally a third time to Haiti where he established residency.
The John & Annie Glenn Museum is a museum in New Concord, Ohio, United States, honoring astronaut and senator John Glenn and his wife Annie Glenn. It is located at the site of Glenn's boyhood home, which has been moved back to Main Street in New Concord, Ohio and restored as it was when he lived there until his enlistment in World War II.
"""Estadio Chile"", or ""Somos Cinco Mil"", is the common name of an untitled poem and song credited to Víctor Jara and penned in the days prior to his death. Jara was tortured and killed by the Chilean Army over several days in Santiago's Estadio Chile during the 1973 Chilean coup d'état."
The Blakehay Theatre is a 207-seat theatre in Weston-super-Mare, North Somerset, England. Its building was originally a 19th-century Baptist church.
Jonathon Merrill is an American professional ice hockey defenseman for the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League. Merrill was selected by the New Jersey Devils in the 2nd round of the 2010 NHL Entry Draft. Merrill was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, but grew up in Grand Blanc, Michigan and Brighton, Michigan.
Fuentelisendo is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census, the municipality has a population of 111 inhabitants.
Varennes is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
"Ellen Alma ""Nellie"" Martel, was an English-Australian suffragist and elocutionist."
Macedonia Baptist Church, more commonly known as Michigan Street Baptist Church, is a historic African American Baptist church located at Buffalo in Erie County, New York. It is a brick church constructed in 1845. Rev. J. Edward Nash served the congregation from 1892 to 1953. His home, the Rev. J. Edward Nash, Sr. House, is located nearby.
Eugene Black was an American lawyer, teacher, and grocer who was the Democratic United States Representative from the First District of Texas from 1915 to 1929. In 1929 he was appointed by President Hoover to serve on the United States Board of Tax Appeals, on which he served until 1966.
Freda Yetta Brown was an Australian political activist who was a member of the Communist Party of Australia and later the Socialist Party. She is the only Australian woman to have been awarded a Lenin Peace Prize, which she received in 1977–78. Her daughter, Lee Rhiannon, was an Australian Greens member of the Australian Senate and the New South Wales Legislative Council.
Buckow is a town in the Märkisch-Oderland district, in Brandenburg, Germany. The water cure resort is the administrative seat of the Amt Märkische Schweiz and located in the centre of the eponymous hill range, since 1990 part of the Märkische Schweiz Nature Park protected area.
Greektown, also known as The Danforth, is a commercial-residential neighbourhood and ethnic enclave in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is located on Danforth Avenue, between Chester Avenue and Dewhurst Boulevard, in east Toronto. Named after Asa Danforth, Jr., an American contractor who designed Queen Street and Kingston Road, the area is known for its architecture dating back to as early as 1910, and for its number of Greek restaurants and stores. The area was one of the major settlement areas of Greek immigrants to Toronto after World War I.
Lake Township is a civil township of Benzie County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 759 at the 2010 census. The township is irregularly shaped, following the shore of Lake Michigan from Crystal Lake north to Leelanau County. A portion of the Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore is located in the northern end of the township.
Kloof is a leafy upper-class suburb and small town, that includes a smaller area called Everton, in the greater Durban area of eThekwini in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
The Rosh HaAyin North railway station is a suburban passenger railway station in Israel, operated by Israel Railways. It is located in north Rosh HaAyin next to Kesem Interchange which connects Highway 5 with the Cross-Israel Highway.
"The genome and proteins of HIV have been the subject of extensive research since the discovery of the virus in 1983. ""In the search for the causative agent, it was initially believed that the virus was a form of the Human T-cell leukemia virus, which was known at the time to affect the human immune system and cause certain leukemias. However, researchers at the Pasteur Institute in Paris isolated a previously unknown and genetically distinct retrovirus in patients with AIDS which was later named HIV."" Each virion comprises a viral envelope and associated matrix enclosing a capsid, which itself encloses two copies of the single-stranded RNA genome and several enzymes. The discovery of the virus itself occurred two years following the report of the first major cases of AIDS-associated illnesses."
Taki Renzan Prefectural Natural Park is a Prefectural Natural Park in eastern Hygo Prefecture, Japan. Established in 1957, the park spans the municipalities of Sasayama and Tamba.
The New Kingdom, also referred to as the Egyptian Empire, is the period in ancient Egyptian history between the sixteenth century BC and the eleventh century BC, covering the Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth dynasties of Egypt. Radiocarbon dating places the exact beginning of the New Kingdom between 1570 BC and 1544 BC.
John Owen-Jones is a Welsh musical theatre actor and singer, best known for his portrayals of Jean Valjean in Alain Boublil & Claude-Michel Schönberg's Les Misérables and of the Phantom in Andrew Lloyd Webber's The Phantom of the Opera.
The Kinner Airster is an American two-seat single-engined biplane designed by Bert Kinner and built by his Kinner Airplane & Motor Corporation.
Abdolvahab Shahidi is a prominent Iranian barbat player, singer and composer in the classical style born on 24 September 1922 in Meymeh. He is noted as one of the contemporary pioneers of Persian music by BBC Persian.
Crossref is an official Digital Object Identifier Registration Agency of the International DOI Foundation. It is run by the Publishers International Linking Association Inc. and was launched in early 2000 as a cooperative effort among publishers to enable persistent cross-publisher citation linking in online academic journals.
Reid Evan Gorecki is a former Major League Baseball outfielder who played for the Atlanta Braves in 2009.
Cagliari is a province in the autonomous island region of Sardinia in Italy. Its capital is the city of Cagliari.
"The woodland pattern is a camouflage pattern that was used as the default camouflage pattern issued to the United States Armed Forces from 1981, with the issue of the Battle Dress Uniform, until its replacement in the mid 2000s. It is a four color, high contrast disruptive pattern with irregular markings in sand, brown, green and black. It is also known unofficially by its colloquial moniker of ""M81"", though this term was not officially used by the U.S. military."
Fryšták is a town in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic. Situated between the cities of Zlín and Holešov on the Fryštácký stream, it is under the Hostýnsko-vsetínská hornatina mountain range on the border between Moravian Wallachia and Hanakia.
Arvada is a Home Rule Municipality in Jefferson and Adams counties, a part of the Denver-Aurora-Lakewood, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area of the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2010 census the population was 106,433, and in 2019 the estimated population was 121,272, ranking Arvada as the seventh most populous municipality in Colorado. The Olde Town Arvada historic district is 7 miles northwest of the Colorado State Capitol in Denver.
Žertky is a village and municipality in Znojmo District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
Waller is a census-designated place in Columbia County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 48 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Bloomsburg–Berwick Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Tinghir or Tinerhir is a city in the region of Drâa-Tafilalet, south of the High Atlas and north of the Little Atlas in southeastern Morocco. It is the capital of Tinghir Province.
Picnic Bay is a town and suburb of Magnetic Island in the City of Townsville, Queensland, Australia. In the 2016 census, Picnic Bay had a population of 291 people.
Liljevalchs konsthall is an art gallery located on the Djurgården island in Stockholm, Sweden. Designed by architect Carl Bergsten and inaugurated in March 1916, it is today owned by the City of Stockholm.
"The English alternative rock band Radiohead have released nine studio albums, one live album, four compilation albums, one remix album, nine video albums, six EPs, thirty-three singles and forty-eight music videos. Their debut album, Pablo Honey, released in February 1993, peaked at number 22 in the United Kingdom, receiving platinum certifications in the UK and US. Its debut single, ""Creep"", is Radiohead's most successful single, entering the top ten in several countries. Radiohead's second album, The Bends, released in March 1995, peaked at number four in the UK, where it was certified triple platinum.
Carl Atwood Elliott was a U.S. representative from the U.S. state of Alabama. He was elected to eight consecutive terms, having served from 1949 to 1965.
The Turceni Power Station is situated in Gorj County, on the banks of the Jiu River, halfway between the cities of Craiova and Târgu Jiu.
Urethral cancer is cancer of the urethra. This cancer is very rare, and the most common type is papillary transitional cell carcinoma.
The Grand Marais Harbor of Refuge Inner and Outer Lights are a pair of lighthouses located on the west pier at the entry to Grand Marais Harbor of Refuge, in Grand Marais, Michigan. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
Stop Thief! is an extant 1920 silent romantic comedy film directed by Harry Beaumont and starring Tom Moore and Irene Rich. It was produced and distributed by the Goldwyn Pictures company.
"Benjamin Arthur ""Ben"" Gilman was an American politician. He was a Republican United States Representative from New York."
Killone Abbey, situated on the banks of Killone Lake some 3 miles south of Ennis, County Clare, was an abbey of Canonesses Regular founded in 1190 by Donal Mor O'Brien, King of Thomond and Munster and dedicated to Saint John.
USS Barton (DD-599) was a Benson-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She was the first ship named for Admiral John Kennedy Barton.
The Battle of Mufilo was a battle occurring on 27 August 1907, in the southwest of Portuguese Angola, during the Ovambo resistance to Portuguese colonization.
Angelina College is a public community college with its main campus in Lufkin, Texas. It has nine off-campus centers in Crockett, Hemphill, Jasper, Livingston, Nacogdoches, Pineland, San Augustine, Trinity, and Woodville. The college enrolls upwards of 5,000 students in its undergraduate degree programs. In addition to its academic/vocational programs, the college has a community services division, which oversees the college's Adult Education Consortium, Continuing Education Units, and Career Development initiatives.
The Smith Carriage Company District encompasses three buildings on Park Street, Springfield, Massachusetts, between Main and Willow Streets. The buildings, located at 12, 14–38, and 11–31 Park Street, are noted for their historic association with the locally important Smith Carriage Company, a major manufacturer of carriages in the 19th century. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Ferdinand de Bertier de Sauvigny was a French aristocrat and politician.
Rail transport in Sweden uses a network of 15006.25 km of track, the 22nd largest in the world. Construction of the first railway line in Sweden began in 1855. The major operator of passenger trains is the state-owned SJ AB.
The Beiji Temple is a temple in West Central District, Tainan, Taiwan.
The year 2012 saw a number of significant events in spaceflight. In May and October, the first Commercial Orbital Transportation Services resupply missions took place, during which the SpaceX Dragon became the first private spacecraft to dock with the International Space Station. In June, China launched the crewed Shenzhou 9 orbital mission, and North Korea achieved its first successful orbital launch in December. 2012 also saw China's first successful asteroid exploration mission, and the landing of NASA's Curiosity rover on Mars. The Vega and Unha-3 rockets made their maiden flights in 2012, while the Proton-K made its last.
Shamrock Mills, also known as Hanes Hosiery Mill #1, is a historic textile mill building located at Winston-Salem, Forsyth County, North Carolina. It was built in 1911, and is a one-story brick building with daylight basement. It is six bays deep and extends in seven sections with a rhythmic saw-tooth roof and six-foot skylights. An addition was built in 1925. It was the first building used by the Hanes Hosiery Company. The mill closed in 1926, and the building subsequently housed a Cadillac dealership. The building houses the Sawtooth School for Visual Art.
Raymell Mourice Rice is a former American football running back who played in the National Football League for six seasons with the Baltimore Ravens. He played college football at Rutgers and was drafted by the Ravens in the second round of the 2008 NFL Draft. During his professional career, Rice was named to three Pro Bowls and was a member of the 2012 Ravens team that won the franchise's second Super Bowl title in Super Bowl XLVII. He is the Ravens' second all-time leading rusher and is also second in rushing attempts and touchdowns, and third in combined touchdowns.
Laguna is a census-designated place in Cibola County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 1,241 at the 2010 census. It is located approximately 47 miles west of Albuquerque.
Patrick Sammie Mills is an Australian professional basketball player for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association. Mills was selected by the Portland Trail Blazers with the 55th overall pick in the 2009 NBA draft after playing two years of college basketball for Saint Mary's.
The Faculty of Arts in Niš is an independent department of the University of Niš. It was established on 3 October 2002 by the Decree of the Government of Serbia.
Ponneelan is the pen name of Kandeswara Bhaktavatsalan, a Tamil writer from Tamil Nadu, India. He is a Marxist and was influenced by Tamil Communist leader P. Jeevanandham in his younger days. He became a teacher and retired as the deputy director of school education for Tamil Nadu. He won the 1994 Sahitya Akademi Award for Tamil his novel Pudhiya Dharisanangal. He is currently the state president of the Tamil literary organisation Tamil Nadu Kalai Ilakkiya Perumandram. During 2005-2008, he was a member of the Central Board of Film Certification. He also wrote the script for the 2008 film Ayyavazhi.
Ferry County is a county located on the northern border of the U.S. state of Washington. As of the 2010 census, the population was 7,551, making it the fourth-least populous county in Washington. The county seat and largest city is Republic. The county was created out of Stevens County in February 1899 and is named for Elisha P. Ferry, the state's first governor.
"Martin Ronz Mayhew is a former American football player and former general manager of the Detroit Lions. He is currently a Senior Personnel Executive for the San Francisco 49ers. Mayhew was drafted by the Buffalo Bills in the tenth round of the 1988 NFL Draft. A 5'8"", 172 lb cornerback from Florida State University, Mayhew played in eight NFL seasons from 1989-1996. He won a Super Bowl in Super Bowl XXVI, starting for the Washington Redskins."
The Hermannsdenkmal is a monument located southwest of Detmold in the district of Lippe, in Germany. It stands on the densely forested Grotenburg, sometimes also called the Teutberg or Teut, a hill in the Teutoburger Wald range. The monument is located inside the remains of a circular rampart.
Jefferson Township is one of the twelve townships of Williams County, Ohio, United States. The 2000 census found 2,021 people in the township, 1,969 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Collat is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Robert II or Robert the Dane, Archbishop of Rouen, and Count of Évreux was a powerful and influential prelate, and a family member of and supporter of five dukes of Normandy.
Orillia is a city in Ontario, Canada. It is in Simcoe County between Lake Couchiching and Lake Simcoe. Although it is in Simcoe County, the city is politically independent. It is part of the Huronia region of Central Ontario. The population in 2016 was 31,166.
Zhang Bangchang, was a puppet ruler of Da Chu and a prime minister of the Song dynasty. He was executed by Emperor Gaozong of Song after he surrendered.
Holywells Ward is a ward in the South East Area of Ipswich, Suffolk, England. It returns three councillors to Ipswich Borough Council.
Dustin Corea is an American-born Salvadoran international footballer, who plays as a winger for Deportivo Mixco.
Sepoy Basanta Bahadur Rana is an Indian athlete who competes in racewalking. He represented India in the 50 km race walk event at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. His personal best in this event before the Games was 4:02:13 and he bettered it by clocking a time of 3:56:48, a new national record.
Rizal Day is a Philippine national holiday commemorating the life and works of José Rizal, a national hero of the Philippines. It is celebrated every December 30, the anniversary of Rizal's 1896 execution at Bagumbayan in Manila.
Auguste Herbin was a French painter of modern art. He is best known for his Cubist and abstract paintings consisting of colorful geometric figures. He co-founded the groups Abstraction-Création and Salon des Réalités Nouvelles which promoted non-figurative abstract art.
Sintanjin station is a railway station on the Gyeongbu Line in South Korea.
The standard ABNT NBR 15607-1:2008 - Digital terrestrial television – Interactivity channel establishes the ways in which a receiver device can send information back to the broadcaster through different communication mechanisms. The transmission of common broadcasting content will be done through the air through the main programming feed, while a more customized use of content can be sent through the interactive channel.
"The Bibliothèque Inguimbertine is a scholarly library located in Carpentras. It was established by Joseph-Dominique d'Inguimbert, the Bishop of Carpentras from 1735 to 1754. It has been called ""the oldest of our municipal libraries"" by current chief librarian Jean-François Delmas. It currently contains about 220,000 books.
Echinoptilidae is a family of sea pens, a member of the subclass Octocorallia in the phylum Cnidaria.
Carbonic acid is a chemical compound with the chemical formula HCO. It is also a name sometimes given to solutions of carbon dioxide in water, because such solutions contain small amounts of HCO. In physiology, carbonic acid is described as volatile acid or respiratory acid because it is the only acid excreted as a gas by the lungs. It plays an important role in the bicarbonate buffer system to maintain acid–base homeostasis.
Ricky Charles is a footballer from Grenada, who has played for the Grenada national football team.
Brik is a Maghrebi dish consisting of thin pastry around a filling, commonly deep fried. The best-known version is the egg brik, a whole egg in a triangular pastry pocket with chopped onion, tuna, harissa and parsley. With a slightly different shape, but with identical ingredients and method of preparation, the Tunisian brik is known in Algeria and Libya as bourek. Brik is also very popular in Israel, due to the large Tunisian Jewish population there. It is often filled with a raw egg and herbs or tuna, harissa and olives and is sometimes served in a pita. This is also known as a boreeka.
46th Avenue and Ulloa is a light rail stop on the Muni Metro L Taraval line, located in the Parkside neighborhood of San Francisco, California. The stop has no platforms; trains stop at marked poles before the cross street. The stop opened with an extension of the line on September 15, 1937.
"Elio de Angelis was an Italian racing driver who participated in Formula One between 1979 and 1986, racing for the Shadow, Lotus and Brabham teams. He was killed in an accident while testing the Brabham BT55 at the Paul Ricard circuit, near the commune of Le Castellet, France, in 1986. De Angelis was a very competitive and highly popular presence in Formula One during the 1980s, and is sometimes referred to as Formula One's ""last gentleman player""."
The flag of Easter Island is the flag of Easter Island, a special territory of Chile. It was first flown in public alongside the national flag on 9 May 2006.
Moraga is a town in Contra Costa County, California, in the San Francisco Bay Area. The town is named in honor of Joaquín Moraga, member of the famed Californio family, son of Gabriel Moraga, and grandson of José Joaquín Moraga, famous 18th century expeditionaries of the Californias. Moraga incorporated in 1974, when the communities of Moraga Town, Rheem, and Rheem Valley, united into one town.
Annett Wagner-Michel, née Michel, is a German Woman International Master. She is a two-times East German Women's Chess Championship winner.
Klaus Heinrich Thomas Mann was a German-born American writer and dissident. He was the son of Thomas Mann and brother of Erika Mann, with whom he maintained a lifelong close relationship. He is well known for his 1936 novel, Mephisto.
André Martín Carrillo Díaz is a Peruvian professional footballer who plays for Saudi Arabian club Al-Hilal FC and the Peru national team as a winger or second striker.
Zdeno Chára is a Slovak professional ice hockey defenceman and captain for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League. He won the James Norris Memorial Trophy while playing for the Bruins in the 2008–09 season. Standing at 6 feet 9 inches tall, Chára is the tallest person ever to play in the NHL. He is also the second European-born and raised captain to win the Stanley Cup, and the first born and trained in a country within the Iron Curtain.
Sainte-Colombe is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Pierre-François-Léonard Fontaine was a neoclassical French architect, interior decorator and designer.
The false map turtle is a species of turtle endemic to the United States. It is a common pet species. Two subspecies are recognized, including the nominotypical subspecies described here.
A mixed brigade was a tactical military formation of the Spanish Republican Army following the coup of July 1936 and the onset of the Spanish Civil War.
DsbC is a prokaryotic disulfide bond isomerase. The formation of native disulfide bonds play an important role in the proper folding of proteins and stabilize tertiary structures of the protein. DsbC is one of 6 proteins in the Dsb family in prokaryotes. The other proteins are DsbA, DsbB, DsbD, DsbE and DsbG. These enzymes work in tandem with each other to form disulfide bonds during the expression of proteins. DsbC and DsbG act as proofreaders of the disulfide bonds that are formed. They break non-native disulfide bonds that were formed and act as chaperones for the formation of native disulfide bonds. The isomerization of disulfide bonds occurs in the periplasm.
Santa Severina is a town and comune in the province of Crotone, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Lamine Diatta is a Senegalese former professional footballer who played as a defender. He is the current team coordinator of Senegal, appointed by head coach Aliou Cissé in 2015.
Shandy is beer mixed with a lemon or a lemon-lime flavored beverage. The citrus beverage, often called lemonade, may or may not be carbonated. The proportions of the two ingredients are adjusted to taste but are usually half lemonade and half beer. Shandies are popular in Europe, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, and Canada.
The discography of Sheryl Crow, an American singer-songwriter, consists of 11 studio albums, three live albums, one live EP, six compilation albums, one box set, 45 singles, six promotional singles, 13 video albums, 57 music videos, 21 B-sides and 19 soundtrack contributions. She has sold over 50 million albums worldwide.
The Tapestry of Nations was a parade at the Epcot theme park in Walt Disney World, Florida, United States, that ran around the World Showcase Lagoon from 1999 to 2001, after which it was rethemed as Tapestry of Dreams. The parade had a unity and world peace theme and featured a variety of large puppets and massive rotating drum units. The puppets were designed by Michael Curry who also designed the puppets for The Lion King on Broadway and a variety of Disney theme park shows. The leader of the parade was the Sage of Time, who was represented as a stilt walker in an elaborate costume featuring alchemy symbols, gold trim on a white robe, a staff, and a headpiece resembling a sun with a face.
"Kazushi Sakuraba is a Japanese mixed martial artist and professional wrestler, currently signed to Rizin Fighting Federation. He has competed in traditional puroresu for New Japan Pro-Wrestling and shoot-style competition for UWFi and Kingdom Pro Wrestling. He has fought in MMA competition in the Ultimate Fighting Championship, Pride Fighting Championships, Hero's and Dream. He is known as the ""Gracie Hunter"" or the ""Gracie Killer"" due to his wins over four members of the famed Gracie family: Royler Gracie, Renzo Gracie, Ryan Gracie, and Royce Gracie. In particular, Sakuraba is famous for his initial fight with Royce, which lasted ninety minutes and ended after Royce was unable to continue due to damage received from Sakuraba."
Paudash Lake is a lake in south central Ontario southwest of Bancroft along Highway 28. The lake is located just north of Silent Lake Provincial Park in Haliburton County, 27 km south of the panhandle of Algonquin Provincial Park. The nearest communities to Paudash Lake are the village of Cardiff, close to the lake's Inlet Bay, and the hamlet of Paudash to the northeast of Lower Paudash Lake. Actually two lakes, 'Paudash' and 'Lower Paudash', the lakes are located on the Crowe River, near its head waters, which flows into the Trent River at Crowe Bay north of Campbellford.
Roscanvel is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.
Jacques La Ramée, was a French-Canadian Métis coureur des bois, frontiersman, trapper, fur trader, hunter, explorer, and mountain man who lived in what is now the U.S. state of Wyoming, having settled there in 1815. His name appears in several spellings, including La Ramee, Laramée, LaRamée, La Ramie, La Rami, La Remy, and Laramie. La Ramée is credited as an early explorer of what is now called the Laramie River of Wyoming and Colorado. The city of Laramie, Wyoming, with an Americanized spelling, was later named for him.
The Samsung SGH-D600i is a mobile phone. It is usable as:
Kfar HaNagid, is a moshav in central Israel. Located in the coastal plain around 20 km south of Tel Aviv and north of Yavne, it falls under the jurisdiction of Gan Raveh Regional Council. In 2018 it had a population of 1,233.
Pano Polemidia is a large village lying partly in the Limassol District of Cyprus. It has a population of 3443 according to the 2011 census. It is near Kato Polemidia.
Butte Creek Falls, is a waterfall located on the south east of Scotts Mills, in Marion County, in the U.S. state of Oregon. It totals 78 feet fall in one wide cascade and is the centerpiece attraction of the Butte Creek Falls trailhead and Recreation Site.
Kehlen is a commune and town in western Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Capellen. As of the February 1, 2011 census, the commune had a population of 5,048.
Kaycee Stroh is an American actress, singer and dancer, known for her role as Martha Cox in the High School Musical franchise. She was also a contestant in the VH1 reality series Celebrity Fit Club.
Ira Frederick Aldridge was an American and later British stage actor and playwright who made his career after 1824 largely on the London stage and in Europe, especially in Shakespearean roles. Born in New York City, Aldridge is the only actor of African-American descent among the 33 actors of the English stage honoured with bronze plaques at the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre at Stratford-upon-Avon. He was especially popular in Prussia and Russia, where he received top honors from heads of state. At the time of his sudden death, while on tour in Poland, he was arranging a triumphant return to America, with a planned 100-show tour to the United States.
Jorge Semprún Maura was a Spanish writer and politician who lived in France most of his life and wrote primarily in French. From 1953 to 1962, during the dictatorship of Francisco Franco, Semprún lived clandestinely in Spain working as an organizer for the exiled Communist Party of Spain, but was expelled from the party in 1964. After the death of Franco and change to a democratic government, he served as Minister of Culture in Spain's socialist government from 1988 to 1991. He was a screenwriter for two successive films by the Greek director Costa-Gavras, Z and The Confession, which dealt with the theme of persecution by governments. For his work on the films The War Is Over and Z Semprún was nominated for the Academy Award. In 1996, he became the first non-French author elected to the Académie Goncourt, which awards an annual literary prize.
Strathclyde, originally Cumbric: Ystrad Clud or Alclud, was one of the early medieval kingdoms of the Britons in what the Welsh call Hen Ogledd, the Brythonic-speaking parts of what is now southern Scotland and northern England. The kingdom developed during the post-Roman period. It is also known as Alt Clut, a Brittonic term for Dumbarton Castle, the medieval capital of the region. It may have had its origins with the Brythonic Damnonii people of Ptolemy's Geography.
Ole Scheeren is a German architect, urbanist and principal of Büro Ole Scheeren Group with offices in Beijing, Hong Kong, Berlin and Bangkok and a visiting professor at the University of Hong Kong since January 2010.
The Tamou Total Reserve is a nature reserve in the southwest of Niger. It is a Total Faunal Reserve IUCN type IV, covering some 75,600 hectares within the Tillaberi Region. The reserve abuts W du Niger, and is primarily dedicated to the protection of African Elephant populations which migrate through the region.
Marko Milinkovi is a Serbian footballer who plays as a left midfielder for Turkish club Giresunspor.
Voždovac is a municipality of the city of Belgrade. According to the 2011 census results, the municipality has a population of 158,213 inhabitants.
The Resurrection of Christ Cathedral is a Neo-Byzantine style Estonian Orthodox Church of Moscow Patriarchate located in Narva, Estonia. The church was constructed between 1890 and 1896 to cater to the religious needs of the cotton mill workers of the Krenholm Manufacturing Company. The cathedral was the only building standing after the bombing of the city in 1944 during World War II.
Samuel Yen-Liang Yin is a Taiwanese billionaire businessman and philanthropist. He is best known for the establishment of the Tang Prize, and as chairman of the Ruentex Financial Group.
Henry Chandler Egan was an American amateur golfer and golf course architect of the early 20th century.
Porto Covo is one of the two civil parishes in the municipality of Sines, located along the western Alentejo coast of Portugal, about 170 km south of Lisbon. The population in 2011 was 1,038, in an area of 50.72 km². Known for its beaches and ties to the ocean, the name Porto Covo likely translates as port of the covos, the term covo referring to a fishing net, used for capturing lobsters and crabs.
The Everett Mountains are a mountain range located at Frobisher Bay on southern Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada. Nunavut's capital city Iqaluit is protected by the Everett Mountains. The mountain range is a subrange of the Arctic Cordillera.
Mehairja is a district in Qatar, located in the municipality of Al Rayyan.
The Monahans Sandhills State Park is a 3,840-acre state park located in the southern Llano Estacado in Ward County and Winkler County, Texas. The closest major town is Monahans, Texas, and the closest limited-access highway ingress is Exit 86 on Interstate 20.
St Marylebone Parish Church is an Anglican church on the Marylebone Road in London. It was built to the designs of Thomas Hardwick in 1813–17. The present site is the third used by the parish for its church. The first was further south, near Oxford Street. The church there was demolished in 1400 and a new one erected further north. This was completely rebuilt in 1740–42, and converted into a chapel-of-ease when Hardwick's church was constructed. The Marylebone area takes its name from the church. Located behind the church is St Marylebone School, a Church of England school for girls.
The Nautical Training Corps is a National Maritime Training and Uniformed Youth Organisation based in the south of England. Registered Charity Number: 306084, Cadets follow similar rates and ranks, traditions, values and ethos as the British Royal Fleet Auxiliary and the Merchant Navy.
"Spruce Mountain, in eastern West Virginia, USA, is the highest ridge of the Allegheny Mountains. The ""whale-backed"" ridge extends for only about 16 miles, from northeast to southwest, but several of its peaks exceed 4,500 feet in elevation. The summit, Spruce Knob, is celebrated as the highest point in the state as well as the range, which covers parts of four states."
In the ancient Indian epic Mahabharata, Madri was princess of Madra Kingdom who married to Pandu. She had two sons named Nakula and Sahadeva.
Lehavot Haviva is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located in the eastern Sharon plain near the Green Line, it falls under the jurisdiction of Menashe Regional Council. In 2018 it had a population of 992.
Borculo is a town in the eastern Netherlands, in the municipality of Berkelland, Gelderland. Borculo was an independent municipality until 2005, when it merged with Eibergen, Neede, and Ruurlo. Other population centers in the municipality of Borculo were nearby Geesteren, Gelselaar, and Haarlo.
The S3 is a commuter rail route forming part of the Milan suburban railway service, which converges on the city of Milan, Italy.
Weßling (Oberbay) station is a railway station in the municipality of Weßling, located in the Starnberg district in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
"Sinethemba Amanda ""Gwen"" Ngwenya, is a South African academic, politician and Head of Policy for the opposition Democratic Alliance. She resigned from the post of Head of Policy in January 2019 but returned in November 2019. As a Member of Parliament for the Democratic Alliance in the Fifth Parliament, she served on the Standing Committee on Finance. She has also served as COO of the South African Institute of Race Relations, Africa's largest classically liberal think tank."
Dahmetal is a municipality in the Teltow-Fläming district of Brandenburg, Germany.
Cersot is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Mark Akenside was an English poet and physician.
The discography of American rapper Eve consists of four studio albums, 32 singles, four promotional singles and 29 music videos.
The 2014 Pacific hurricane season was the fifth-busiest season since reliable records began in 1949, alongside the 2016 season. The season officially started on May 15 in the East Pacific Ocean, and on June 1 in the Central Pacific; they both ended on November 30. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Pacific basin.
Masato Akamatsu is a Nippon Professional Baseball player. He is currently with the Hiroshima Toyo Carp.
The Paris Expo Porte de Versailles is an exhibition and conference centre in Paris, France. It is located in the 15th arrondissement at Porte de Versailles Métro station between the Boulevard Périphérique and Boulevards of the Marshals. It is the largest exhibition park in France. Paris Expo Porte de Versailles boasts 228,211m2 of exhibition floor, 8 pavilions, 2 auditoriums, 32 meeting rooms. The world famous Porte de Versailles Exhibition Center hosts over 120 trade-shows every year plus events, many product launches and conventions. The Tour Triangle, a 180 metres tall glass pyramid, is planned to be constructed near the site. It houses a 120-room hotel and 70,000 square metres of office space.
Burianosaurus is a genus of ornithopod dinosaur that lived in what is now the Czech Republic, being the first validly named dinosaur from that country. The type species, B. augustai, was named in 2017; the genus name honours the Czech palaeoartist Zdenk Burian, and the species name honours the Czech palaeontologist Josef Augusta. The holotype specimen is a femur discovered in 2003, which was described as possibly belonging to an iguanodont in 2005.
West Java is a province of Indonesia on the western part of the island of Java, with its provincial capital in Bandung. West Java is bordered by the province of Banten and the country's capital region of Jakarta to the west, the Java Sea to the north, the province of Central Java to the east and the Indian Ocean to the south. The province is the homeland of the Sundanese people, the second-largest ethnic group in Indonesia after the Javanese.
The Dunes Club is a historic, highly elite, private beach club at 137 Boston Neck Road in Narragansett, Rhode Island. The club occupies 28 acres of land fronting Narragansett Bay in central Narragansett, bounded on the north by the Pettaquamscutt River.
Fernando Antonio Pisani is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played professionally in the National Hockey League for his hometown Edmonton Oilers for seven NHL seasons, and one for the Chicago Blackhawks.
The Bergmannstraße is a street in Munich and lies west of the city center. It leads from Landsberger Straße in the north to Ridlerstraße in the south and is located in the district of Schwanthalerhöhe. The formerly referred to as Sendlinger way road, was named in 1883 after the lawyer, historian and archivist Michael Adam von Bergmann, who was city chief judge starting in 1762 and then became mayor in Munich.
Vallea is a genus of trees in the family Elaeocarpaceae. Trees in this genus are native to the Andes mountain range in South America and are classified in two species:
Buffalo Township is a township in Jewell County, Kansas, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 574.
The New Delhi Bhopal Habibganj Shatabdi Express is a train operated by the Northern Railway which runs between New Delhi, the main railway station of India's capital territory, New Delhi, and Habibganj the sub-urban railway station of Bhopal City, the state capital of central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. It is one of the fastest train in India with a maximum permissible speed of 150 km/h.
Albertville is a city in Marshall County, Alabama, United States, and is included in the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area. As of the 2010 census, the population of the city was 21,160 and it is the largest city in Marshall County.
Marjorie Organ Henri was an Irish-born American illustrator, cartoonist and caricaturist.
Horní Paseka is a village and municipality in Havlíkv Brod District in the Vysoina Region of the Czech Republic.
Ross Muir is a Scottish former professional snooker player. He regularly wears a glove on his bridge hand. Muir turned professional in 2013 after graduating from event two of the Q School, defeating David Morris 4–0 in the final round.
Niuafoou Airport, also known as Kuini Lavinia Airport, is an airport in Niuafo'ou, Tonga.
The Trinidad and Tobago Stock Exchange is the main stock exchange in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, and the largest stock exchange in the Caribbean region by market capitalization. As a member-state of CARICOM several companies from Barbados, Jamaica, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and the Eastern Caribbean Securities Exchange also cross-list their stocks onto the Trinidad and Tobago Stock Exchange.
The Seleucid Dynastic Wars were a series of wars of succession that were fought between competing branches of the Seleucid royal household for control of the Seleucid Empire. Beginning as a by-product of several succession crises that arose from the reigns of Seleucus IV Philopator and his brother Antiochus IV Epiphanes in the 170s and 160s, the wars typified the final years of the empire and were an important cause of its decline as a major power in the Near East and Hellenistic world. The last war ended with the collapse of the kingdom and its annexation by the Romans in 63 BC.
Parvati Khan is a pop singer and model, who sang the song Jimmy Jimmy Aaja in the 1982 Bollywood hit movie Disco Dancer, which won a Gold Disc award. Later, she also sang Khula Tala Chod Aayi after having won a nationwide talent contest in Trinidad and Tobago.
Richard Edlund, A.S.C. is a multi-Academy Award-winning US special effects cinematographer.
The Syracuse City School District is a public school district based in Syracuse, New York.
John James Peck was a United States soldier who fought in the Mexican–American War and American Civil War.
Klaas's cuckoo is a species of cuckoo in the family Cuculidae which is native to the wooded regions of sub-Saharan Africa. The species was named by French explorer François Le Vaillant after his Khoikhoi servant. Le Vaillant was the only colonial biologist to name some bird species after local people.
The 1893 Atlantic hurricane season ran through the summer and the first half of fall in 1893. The 1893 season was fairly active, with 12 tropical storms forming, 10 of which became hurricanes. Of those, 5 became major hurricanes. This season proved to be a very deadly season, with two different hurricanes each causing over 2,000 deaths in the United States; at the time, the season was the deadliest in U.S. history. The season was one of two seasons on record to see 4 Atlantic hurricanes active simultaneously, with the other one being the 1998 Atlantic hurricane season.
Zamyn-Üüd is a sum of Dornogovi Province in southeastern Mongolia. Its population was 11,527 in 2008.
Crpinet is a commune in Bihor County, Criana, Romania with a population of 2,174 people. It is composed of four villages: Clugri, Crpinet, Izbuc and Leheceni.
"Dom Pedro I, nicknamed ""the Liberator"", was the founder and first ruler of the Empire of Brazil. As King Dom Pedro IV, he reigned briefly over Portugal, where he also became known as ""the Liberator"" as well as ""the Soldier King"". Born in Lisbon, Pedro I was the fourth child of King Dom João VI of Portugal and Queen Carlota Joaquina, and thus a member of the House of Braganza. When the country was invaded by French troops in 1807, he and his family fled to Portugal's largest and wealthiest colony, Brazil.
Cusae was a city in Upper Egypt, known to the Ancient Egyptians as Qis or Kis. Today, the town is known as El Quseyya, and is located on the west bank of the Nile in the Asyut Governorate.
Saint-Colomban is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Courgis is a commune. It is found in the Yonne department in the center of France.
VP-42 was a Patrol Squadron of the U.S. Navy. The squadron was established as Patrol Squadron 22 on 7 April 1944, redesignated Patrol Bombing Squadron 22 on 1 October 1944, redesignated Patrol Squadron 22 on 15 May 1946, redesignated Medium Patrol Squadron 2 on 15 November 1946, redesignated Patrol Squadron 42 on 1 September 1948 and disestablished on 26 September 1969.
Muntendam is a town in the Dutch province of Groningen, municipality Menterwolde.
Senegalia mellifera is a common thorn tree in Africa. The name mellifera refers to its sweet-smelling blossoms and honey. Its lumber turns pitch black when oiled. Common names of the tree include Blackthorn and Swarthaak. It is listed as being not threatened.
"Gwyneth Patricia Dunwoody was a British Labour Party politician, who was the Member of Parliament for Exeter from 1966 to 1970, and then for Crewe from February 1974 to her death in 2008. She was a moderate socialist had a reputation as a fiercely independent parliamentarian, described as ""intelligent, obstinate, opinionated and hard-working""."
Eau Pleine is a town in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 931 at the 2000 census.
Jimmy Roye is a French professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Red Star F.C.. He previously played for Amiens, Calais, Chamois Niortais, Paris and Gazélec Ajaccio before joining Red Star in 2019.
The Seyrantepe Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam on the Peri River, located 15 km northwest of Karakoçan on the border of Elaz and Tunceli Provinces, Turkey. Its primary purpose is hydroelectric power generation and is the fifth dam in the Peri River cascade. Construction on the dam began in 2003 and its power station was commissioned in 2008. It contains two 29.39 MW Francis turbine-generators for a total installed capacity of 58.78 MW. It is owned and operated by Limak Energy and Bilgin Energy. The sand and gravel-fill dam is 48.5 m tall.
Pancreatic serous cystadenoma is a benign tumour of pancreas. It is usually found in the tail of the pancreas, and may be associated with von Hippel-Lindau syndrome.
Jimmy Donaldson, more commonly known by his online alias MrBeast, is an American YouTuber notable for his expensive stunts and philanthropy. He has been credited with pioneering a genre of YouTube videos that center on expensive stunts. He is also the co-creator of Team Trees, a fundraiser for the Arbor Day Foundation, which has raised over $22 million.
The Fairview Avenue North Bridge in Seattle, Washington, is a timber-pile bridge being rebuilt along Lake Union's eastern shore in Seattle's Eastlake neighborhood. The bridge is needed to carry an arterial roadway across mudflats to the growing South Lake Union area.
Spruce Run is a tributary of Buffalo Creek in Union County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately 14 miles long and flows through Hartley Township, Lewis Township, West Buffalo Township, White Deer Township, Buffalo Township, and Kelly Township. The watershed of the stream has an area of 27.2 square miles. The stream has two named tributaries: Black Run and Muddy Run. It is not designated as an impaired waterbody, but it is affected by sediment and nutrients.
Arabic coffee refers to a version of the brewed coffee of Coffea arabica beans. Arabic coffee is typically grown at a height of 1000 to 2000 meters, and represents about 60-70% of the coffee industry in the world. Most Arab countries throughout the Middle East have developed unique methods for brewing and preparing coffee. Cardamom is an often-added spice, but it can alternatively be served plain.
Ukrainian Government Building, is located in center of Kiev at Hrushevsky Street in the vicinity of Verkhovna Rada building. It serves as the administrative building for the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine. From 1941 to 1954 the building was the tallest building in city.
Burghalden is a railway station in the Swiss canton of Zurich and municipality of Richterswil. It is located on the Südostbahn's Wädenswil to Einsiedeln line, and is served by Zurich S-Bahn line S13.
Neophytus VIII was Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople from 1891 to 1894.
The Toyota Carina is an automobile which was manufactured by Toyota from December 1970 to December 2001. It was introduced as a sedan counterpart of the Celica, of which it originally shared a platform. Later, it was realigned to the Corona platform, but retained its performance image, with distinctive bodywork and interior — aimed at the youth market and remaining exclusive to Japanese Toyota dealerships Toyota Store. It was replaced in Japan by the Toyota Allion in 2000 and succeeded in Europe by the Toyota Avensis.
Kaberneeme is a village in Jõelähtme Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia. It is famous for its beach.
Hornachos is a municipality located in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. According to the 2005 census, the municipality has a population of 3,840 inhabitants.
Stelis costalis is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae. It is found in Central America and North America.
838 Seraphina is a dark and large background asteroid, approximately 58 kilometers in diameter, located in the outer regions of the asteroid belt. It was discovered by German astronomer Max Wolf at the Heidelberg-Königstuhl State Observatory on 24 September 1916. The primitive P-type asteroid has a rotation period of 15.7 hours and is rather spherical in shape. Any reference to the origin of the asteroid's name is unknown.
Filip Meirhaeghe is a retired Belgian racing cyclist. His primary focus was in mountain bike racing, however, he has also taken part in elite road, cyclo-cross and track cycling. He has won four Mountain Bike World Championships medals, one Olympic medal and a total of eleven mountain bike World Cup events. In the final years of his racing career he raced for the bicycle manufacturer Specialized Bicycle Components on the mountain bike and for the professional team Domina Vacanze-Elitron on the road.
Rende District is a rural district in southern Tainan, Taiwan.
The First Presbyterian Church of Yorktown is a Presbyterian church in Yorktown Heights, New York. The current church building is the third in the history of the congregation, completed in 1840.
obez is a town in Pomerania, northwestern Poland. It has 10,066 inhabitants. Situated on the Rega river, it is the capital of obez County in West Pomeranian Voivodeship.
Sainik is a 1993 Indian action film directed by Sikander Bharti. It stars Akshay Kumar, Ashwini Bhave and Farheen.
Gearhart Mountain is a 8,041-foot high mountain in Lake County and Klamath County, Oregon, in the United States. It is located in the Gearhart Mountain Wilderness of the Fremont–Winema National Forest, northeast of the Sprague River valley and the town of Bly.
Shau Kei Wan is a station on the Hong Kong MTR Island Line in the neighborhood of Shau Kei Wan. Its concourse is located underground, and an island platform is used to serve trains on the Island Line, to and from Kennedy Town and Chai Wan. Its station livery is blue.
Sudbury, officially Greater Sudbury, is a city in Ontario, Canada. It is the largest city in Northern Ontario by population, with a population of 161,531 at the 2016 Canadian Census. By land area, it is the largest in Ontario and the fifth largest in Canada. It is administratively a Unitary authority, and thus not part of any district, county, or regional municipality. The City of Greater Sudbury is separate from but entirely surrounded by Sudbury District.
"The Pergamon Bridge is a Roman substruction bridge over the Selinus river in the ancient city of Pergamon, modern-day Turkey. The 196 m wide structure, the largest of its kind in antiquity, was designed during Hadrian's reign in order to form a passageway underneath a large court in front of the monumental ""Red Basilica"" temple complex. The two intact tubes, which consist of supporting walls covered with barrel vaults, still serve their purpose to this day."
Loosdorf is a little town in the district of Melk in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.
Bremen is a city in Haralson and Carroll counties, Georgia, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 6,227, up from 4,579 at the 2000 census. Most of the city is in Haralson County, with a small portion in Carroll County.
Ramme is a river of Lower Saxony, Germany. It flows into the Oste in Sittensen.
Shelter Now is an international Christian humanitarian aid organization based in Germany and with operations focused in Afghanistan. Shelter Now began its work in the late 1970s, but did not formally register as an international aid organization until 1983. From 1988, the organization's activities focused on providing aid to Afghan refugees who were displaced during the Soviet–Afghan War, which lasted from 1979 to 1989. The organization's work included developing factories for producing roof-building materials and rebuilding irrigation systems.
Guilinyang is a town within the Guilinyang Economic Development Zone, in Longhua District, Haikou, Hainan Province, China.
The Weardale Railway is an independently owned British single-track branch line heritage railway between Bishop Auckland, Witton-le-Wear, Wolsingham, Frosterley and Stanhope. Weardale Railway began services on 23 May 2010, but decided to run special trains rather than a scheduled service for the 2013 season.
Strathallan is a locality in the Goulburn Valley region of Victoria, Australia. The locality is in the Shire of Campaspe, and on the Campaspe River, 198 kilometres north of the state capital, Melbourne.
Riverside Farm is a historic farm complex in rural western Nelson County, Virginia. It is located on the south side of Patrick Henry Highway west of Roseland, on the western shore of the Tye River. Set on 295 acres, it has a history dating to the early-to-mid 19th century, with the main farm complex set near the center of rolling fields. The main house is an 1841 late Federal period wood frame house, and it is surrounded by a variety of domestic and agricultural outbuildings, including an ice house, poultry house, and smokehouse, all from the 1840s. Near the road stands a secondary complex that includes a mid-19th century tenant house. Development on the farm apparently began between 1831 and 1835 by James D. Goodwin.
The first season of The Voice, the Australian reality talent show, premiered on 15 April 2012 and concluded on 18 June 2012, with Karise Eden being crowned as the winner. This was the first and only season to have Keith Urban as a coach.
Matías Adrián Defederico is an Argentine football winger who currently plays for Club Agropecuario Argentino. Defederico is a fast, left-footed player with very good dribbling ability.
Missing Links is a Goodson-Todman game show hosted by Ed McMahon which originally ran on NBC from September 9, 1963 to March 27, 1964, then moved to ABC for its final nine months, with Dick Clark replacing McMahon as host.
Saint-Clément-sur-Durance is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.
Minglanilla is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2006 census, the municipality had a population of 2,532 inhabitants.
Pura Dalem Segara Madhu also known as Pura Dalem Jagaraga is a northern Balinese Hindu temple or pura located in the village of Jagaraga, Buleleng in northern Bali. It is situated abount 11 km east of Singaraja. The village of Jagaraga is known historically as the place where the Dutch colonial government witnesses puputan or Balinese mass-suicide following their military attack on the kingdom of Bali in 1849. Pura Dalem Segara Madhu is known for its intensive wall decoration typical of northern Balinese architecture and for its unique western-influenced relief e.g. motifs of early 20th-century airplanes and automobiles.
Hamakaze was one of 19 Kager-class destroyers built for the Imperial Japanese Navy during the 1930s.
Sébastien Chavanel is a retired French professional road bicycle racer who last rode for UCI ProTeam FDJ. He is a younger brother, by just under 2 years, to fellow professional cyclist Sylvain Chavanel.
The Market House in Penzance is a Grade I listed building situated at the top of Market Jew Street, Penzance. The Market House was completed in 1838, originally to house a market in the western half of the building and the guildhall in the east. The basement below the guildhall originally contained cells for prisoners, while the first floor was used as a grammar school from 1867 to 1898. The upper storey of the western end housed the Corn Exchange which also served a dual purpose as a theatre. It was officially opened on 28 June 1838. The western part of the building is now occupied by Lloyds Bank while the rest of the building is unused and in need of repair.
Laporte is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Larimer County, Colorado, United States. The population was 2,450 at the 2010 census, down from 2,691 at the 2000 census. The Laporte Post Office has the ZIP Code 80535.
Praia de Santa Maria is a beach on the south coast of the island of Sal, Cape Verde. It stretches from the city center of Santa Maria in the east to the Ponta do Sinó in the southwest. It is about 2 km long. Along with Praia da Ponta Preta, it is the most popular beach on the city and island.
Georges Hall, a suburb of local government area City of Canterbury-Bankstown, is located 24 kilometres south-west of the Sydney central business district in the state of New South Wales, Australia, and is part of the South-western Sydney region.
Oradea is a city in Romania, located in Criana, a sub-region of Transylvania. Seat of the Bihor county, Oradea is one of the most important economic, social and cultural centers in the western part of Romania. The city is located in the north-west of the country, nestled between hills on the Criana plain, on the banks of the Criul Repede River, that divides the city into almost equal halves.
Gjergji Muzaka is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Albanian club Skënderbeu Korçë.
Nikos Karelis is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a forward.
"Jarle Bernhoft, known professionally as Bernhoft, is a Norwegian singer, multi-instrumentalist, composer and lyricist. Bernhoft is from Nittedal in Norway. His best known songs are ""Streetlights"", ""Shout"", ""Choices"", ""C'mon Talk"" and ""Stay With Me"". He has also been in a number of bands, notably Explicit Lyrics and Span.
Oarów is a town in Poland, in the province of witokrzyskie Voivodeship, in Opatów county, historic Lesser Poland, with 4,906 inhabitants as of December 31, 2004. Oarów received its town charter in 1569, during the Polish Golden Age, lost it in 1869, and regained in 1988. The town lies in eastern part of the province, some fifteen kilometers west of the Vistula river. Oarów's coat of arms is the Rawa, which was used by the Ozarowski family.
tr is a command in Unix and Unix-like operating systems. It is an abbreviation of translate or transliterate, indicating its operation of replacing or removing specific characters in its input data set.
Acacia cataractae is a shrub belonging to the genus Acacia and the subgenus Juliflorae that is native to northern Australia.
Jean-Jacques Becker is a French historian, born 14 May 1928 in Paris. He is a specialist of contemporary history.
"DEF CON is one of the world's largest and most notable hacker conventions, held annually in Las Vegas, Nevada. The first DEF CON took place in June 1993 and today many attendees at DEF CON include computer security professionals, journalists, lawyers, federal government employees, security researchers, students, and hackers with a general interest in software, computer architecture, hardware modification, conference badges, and anything else that can be ""hacked"". The event consists of several tracks of speakers about computer- and hacking-related subjects, as well as cyber-security challenges and competitions. Contests held during the event are extremely varied, and can range from creating the longest Wi-Fi connection to finding the most effective way to cool a beer in the Nevada heat.
Paul Samuel Reinsch, was an American political scientist and diplomat.
Ioannis Amanatidis is a Greek football manager and former player. As a player, Amanatidis played as a striker and winger, and was active professionally in Germany. He also represented Greece at senior international level.
Henriette was Sovereign Countess of Montbéliard from 1397 until 1444.
The Legislative Council, or upper house, is one of the two chambers of the Parliament of South Australia. Its central purpose is to act as a house of review for legislation passed through the lower house, the House of Assembly. It sits in Parliament House in the state capital, Adelaide.
Mangapet is a village and mandal in Mulugu district of Telangana.
"Camilo Echeverry, who records as Camilo, is a Colombian singer, songwriter, and producer. Born in Medellin, Camilo is known for his singles ""Favorito"", ""Tutu"", alongside Pedro Capó and Shakira, and ""Desconocidos"", with Mau y Ricky and Manuel Turizo. His music is generally categorized as Latin pop with a mix of urbano and is noted for his romantic lyrics and tenor voice.
The Bluff Historic District, in Bluff, Utah, is a 225 acres historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. The district included 11 contributing buildings and six contributing sites.
The European Alliance of Cities and Regions for Roma Inclusion is an initiative from the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities of the Council of Europe. The Alliance currently gathers 130 Cities and Regional authorities from 29 countries.
Dr. Halyna Makarivna Hnatyuk was a Ukrainian linguist, lexicographer, historian of Ukrainian language, doctor of philological sciences. She was a research fellow of the Potebnia Institute of Linguistics in 1956-1992.
The Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 is a smartphone developed by Xiaomi Inc. It is a part of the Xiaomi's low-end Redmi smartphone line, and has three variants.
"The government of New York City, headquartered at New York City Hall in Lower Manhattan, is organized under the New York City Charter and provides for a ""strong"" mayor-council system. The mayor is elected to a four-year term and is responsible for the administration of city government. The New York City Council is a unicameral body consisting of 51 members, each elected from a geographic district, normally for four-year terms. All elected officials—other than those elected before 2010, who are limited to three consecutive terms—are subject to a two consecutive-term limit. The court system consists of two citywide courts and three statewide courts.
The PMPV MiSu is a Finnish made six-wheeled amphibious mine-resistant ambush protected armoured personnel carrier designed for the Finnish Defence Forces as a possible replacement for its XA-180-series vehicles. The first version was produced in 2015 and test production began in 2017. It was designed to operate with ease of use, simple structure and low-cost maintenance. The basic appearance and configuration of PMPV Misu is similar to most wheeled MRAPs. The Misu is fully amphibious.
Ordway is a Statutory Town that is the county seat and most populous town of Crowley County, Colorado, United States. The population was 1,080 at the 2010 census.
Perumanna is a village in the Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala, India.
"Labeoninae is a doubtfully distinct subfamily of ray-finned fishes in the family Cyprinidae of order Cypriniformes. They inhabit fresh water and the largest species richness is in the region around southern China, but there are also species elsewhere in Asia, and some members of Garra and Labeo are from Africa. They are a generally very apomorphic group, perhaps the most ""advanced"" of the Cyprinidae. A common name for these fishes is labeonins or labeoins.
Martin Halin is a Slovak slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 2008.
Agathidium is a genus of beetles in the family Leiodidae.
Conus suduirauti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Romery is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Johannes Schmoelling is a German musician and keyboard artist. He was a member of the prolific electronic music group Tangerine Dream from 1979 to 1985. A classically trained musician, he began playing piano at the age of eight. By twelve he had begun playing the pipe organ and successfully mastered the instrument so well that he began to play professionally at various churches. By 1978 Johannes had graduated from college with a degree in sound engineering and secured a job working on live theater performances at the prestigious Schaubühne am Halleschen Ufer in Berlin. He ended his stint with Tangerine Dream at the end of 1985 to pursue a solo career and has produced several solo albums as well as soundtrack music for numerous German television programs. In 2000 he created his own record label Viktoriapark records.
"William Martin ""Clu"" Gulager is an American television and film actor and director. He first became known for his work in television, appearing in the co-starring role of William H. Bonney in the 1960–62 NBC television series The Tall Man and as Emmett Ryker in another NBC Western series, The Virginian.
Kizukuri Station is a railway station located in the city of Tsugaru, Aomori Prefecture Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company. The station is a kan'i itaku station, administered by Goshogawara Station, and operated by Tsugaru municipal authority, with point-of-sales terminal installed. Ordinary tickets, express tickets, and reserved-seat tickets for all JR lines are on sale.
K-202 was a 16-bit minicomputer, created by a team led by Polish scientist Jacek Karpiski between 1970–1973 in cooperation with British companies Data-Loop and M.B. Metals. Approximately 30 units were claimed to be produced. All units shipped to M.B. Metals were returned for service. Due to friction resulting from competition with Elwro, a government-backed competitor, the production of K-202 was blocked and Karpiski thrown out of his company under the allegations of sabotage and embezzlement.
Poska - is a river in east Poland in Podlaskie Voivodeship, a left tributary of the Supral River, with a length of 23,6 kilometres and the basin area of 216 km². There is good river for rafting. The largest tributary is winiobródka.
Poiana Mare is a commune in Dolj County, Oltenia, Romania with a population of 10,740. It is composed of three villages: Poiana Mare, Tunarii Noi and Tunarii Vechi.
Old Pickens Jail, also known as Pickens County Jail, is a historic jail located at Pickens, Pickens County, South Carolina. It was built in 1903, and is a two-story, brick building with a two-story crenellated tower. It was expanded in 1928 to provide additional space for the cellblock. The jail closed in August 1975, and has since been used as a historical museum and art gallery.
Estell Manor is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city's population was 1,735, reflecting an increase of 150 from the 1,585 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 181 from the 1,404 counted in the 1990 Census.
Cerro del León is a stratovolcano located in El Loa province, Antofagasta Region, Chile. It is part of the Chilean Central Volcanic Zone and forms a volcanic lineament with neighbouring Paniri and Toconce that was active into the Holocene. Cerro del León itself was constructed in three stages by andesitic–dacitic lava flows and was subject to glacial erosion.
Luodis Lake is situated in Zarasai district municipality, Lithuania. Lake contains two large islands. Town of Salakas is situated near the lake.
Chiu Yu Ming, is a former Hong Kong professional footballer who is currently a free agent. He plays as a goalkeeper.
Sam Baird is a former professional snooker player from England. He first entered the professional tour for the 2009/10 season, by winning the EBSA Pro-Ticket Tour Play-offs.
Handle with Care is a 1922 American silent comedy film directed by Phil Rosen. It stars Grace Darmond, Harry Myers, and James Morrison, and was released on January 22, 1922.
The great seal of the state of Delaware was first adopted on January 17, 1777, with the current version being adopted April 29, 2004. It contains the state coat of arms surrounded by an inscription.
The Pirna Rowing Club 1872, from Pirna is the first and oldest rowing club in the Freestate of Saxony. Founded in 1872 and reshaped in 1991. One of the best known is the rower Peggy Waleska, who won 2 World Championships and one silver medal on the Olympics. And the rower Dieter Schubert, who won 2 times Olympic gold, 2 World- championships and 3 European championships. During the time of the German Democratic Republic their names were been: Betriebssportgemeinschaft Kommunales Wirtschaftsunternehmen Pirna, BSG Einheit Pirna, BSG Fortschritt Pirna and SV Fortschritt Pirna.
The San Leandro Bay Bridge, better known as the Bay Farm Island Bridge, is a single-leaf bascule drawbridge spanning the San Leandro Channel, the inlet of San Leandro Bay within the San Francisco Bay Area, California, United States. It carries California State Route 61 and links the main island of Alameda with Bay Farm Island within the city of Alameda. The present bridge was completed in 1953; it is paralleled by a second bridge devoted to pedestrian and bicycle traffic, the Bay Farm Island Bicycle Bridge. The draw opens approximately 360 times per year.
The Valley Fair Shopping Center, Valley Fair Mall, or Valley Fair Center was a shopping mall in Appleton, in the U.S. state of Wisconsin that opened on March 10, 1955. The mall billed itself as the first enclosed mall in the United States. Demolition of parts of the shopping center began on August 8, 2007.
François Audouy is a French-American movie production designer and art director. He is a frequent collaborator with director James Mangold, having designed The Wolverine its sequel Logan, and Ford v Ferrari. Other design credits include the period fantasy films Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter and Dracula Untold.
Andrew Philip Kehoe was an American mass murderer. Kehoe, a Michigan farmer who had become disgruntled when he lost reelection as treasurer of the Bath Township school board, first murdered his wife then detonated bombs at the Bath Consolidated School on May 18, 1927. 38 children and six adults were killed while 58 more people were injured. Kehoe died of suicide near the school by detonating dynamite in his truck, causing an explosion which killed several other people and wounded more. He had earlier set off incendiary devices in his house and farm, destroying all the buildings, as well as killing two horses and other farm animals.
Keser are a Scottish band from Edinburgh and Glasgow, Scotland. Keser are signed to UK indie label Alex Tronic Records, and have released three albums to date, Esoteric Escape, Robo Ghost and Audeamus. The first two albums were recorded at the Alex Tronic Records studio, with label manager and record producer Paul Croan, who also releases music as artist Alex Tronic. Audeamus was recorded at Keser's studio in Glasgow, Hidden Channel.
Shangrao is a medium-sized prefecture-level city located in the northeast of Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China, bordering Anhui to the north, Zhejiang to the east, and Fujian to the south; the city's western reaches extend into Poyang Lake. Shangrao had a population of 327,703 in 2010.
The berg adder is a small, venomous viper species endemic to mountainous regions in southern Africa. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Alvin McBurney, known by his stage name Alvino Rey, was an American jazz guitarist and bandleader.
Lauren Elizabeth Jackson AO is an Australian former professional basketball player. The daughter of two national basketball team players, Jackson was awarded a scholarship to the Australian Institute of Sport in 1997, when she was 16. In 1998, she led the AIS team that won the Women's National Basketball League championship. Jackson joined the Canberra Capitals for the 1999 season when she turned 18 and played with the team off and on until 2006, winning four more WNBL championships. From 2010 to 2016, Jackson played with the Canberra Capitals, which she did during the Women's National Basketball Association offseason during the time she continued WNBA play.
Chilluévar is a city located in the province of Jaén, Spain. According to the 2006 census, the city has a population of 1629 inhabitants.
Super Bowl LVIII, the 58th Super Bowl and the 54th modern-era National Football League championship game, will decide the league champion for the 2023 NFL season. The game is scheduled to be played on February 4, 2024, at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana. It will be the eleventh Super Bowl hosted by New Orleans, the previous one being Super Bowl XLVII in 2013.
Geranium maderense, known as giant herb-Robert or the Madeira cranesbill, is a species of flowering plant in the family Geraniaceae, native to the island of Madeira. It is sometimes confused with another Madeira endemic, Geranium palmatum.
Battle Ground is a city in Clark County, Washington, United States. The population was 17,571 at the 2010 census. Between 2000 and 2005, Battle Ground ranked fourth in the state for population growth, out of 279 eligible incorporated communities. As of 2019, its population is 21,252.
Samuel Colt was an American inventor, industrialist and businessman who established Colt's Patent Fire-Arms Manufacturing Company and made the mass production of revolvers commercially viable.
The Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution, commonly referred to as 'Evo', is a sports sedan based on the Lancer that was manufactured by Japanese manufacturer Mitsubishi Motors from 1992 until 2016. There have been ten official versions to date, and the designation of each model is most commonly a Roman numeral. All use two litre turbocharged inline four-cylinder engines and all-wheel drive systems.
Dennis William Stratton is a guitar player who is best known as a former member of the British band Iron Maiden from December 1979 to October 1980.
"Lisa Fischer is an American vocalist and songwriter. She found success with her 1991 debut album So Intense, which produced the Grammy Award–winning hit single ""How Can I Ease the Pain"". She has been a back-up singer for a number of famous artists including Sting, Luther Vandross and Tina Turner, and toured with The Rolling Stones from 1989 to 2015."
Muhammed Ibrahim was a claimant to the throne of India.
Qingcheng is a district of Qingyuan, Guangdong province, China.
"Jesu, meine Freude, BWV 227, is a motet for five-part choir composed by Johann Sebastian Bach. Written in E minor, it is titled after the Lutheran hymn ""Jesu, meine Freude"", with poetry by Johann Franck and a chorale melody by Johann Crüger. Movements based on the six stanzas of the hymn are interspersed with five movements based on passages from the Epistle to the Romans. The Biblical text, which contains key Lutheran teaching, is contrasted by the hymn, written in the first person with a focus on emotion, and Bach set both with attention to dramatic detail in a symmetrical structure of eleven movements. Bach set the chorale tune in various ways, from a four-part setting which begins and ends the work, to a chorale fantasia and a free setting which only paraphrases the tune. Four verses from the Epistle are set in motet style, two for five voices, and two for three voices. The central movement is a five-part fugue. Bach used word painting to intensify the theological meaning of both hymn and Epistle texts.
Dr. Hayat bint Sulaiman bin Hassan Sindi is a Saudi Arabian medical scientist and one of the first female members of the Consultative Assembly of Saudi Arabia. She is famous for making major contributions to point-of-care medical testing and biotechnology. She was ranked by Arabian Business as the 19th most influential Arab in the world and the ninth most influential Arab woman. In 2018, she was listed as one of BBC's 100 Women.
Kaskelot is a three-masted barque and one of the largest remaining wooden ships in commission. The Kaskelot was built in 1948 by J. Ring-Andersen for the Royal Greenland Trading Company, to carry supplies to remote coastal settlements in East Greenland. During the 1960s, Kaskelot worked as a support vessel for Danish fisheries in the Faroe Islands.
New Copper Penny was a nightclub located at the intersection of Southeast 92nd Avenue and Foster Road in Portland's Lents neighborhood, in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of December 2016, the building has now been demolished to make way for re-development into apartments.
Xiaodian District is one of six districts of the prefecture-level city of Taiyuan, the capital of Shanxi Province, North China.
The Battle of Intombe was an action fought on 12 March 1879, between Zulu troops and British soldiers defending a supply convoy.
Vijayalakshmi Yeedi, better known as Rambha, is an Indian film actress. Throughout her career, Rambha acted in many Indian films across seven languages, while appearing alongside most of India's leading actors.
Kelbra is a town the Mansfeld-Südharz district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It is situated north of the Kyffhäuser mountains, approx. 20 km west of Sangerhausen, and 20 km east of Nordhausen. Kelbra is part of the Verbandsgemeinde Goldene Aue.
Black Prairie is a six-piece bluegrass-influenced band from Portland, Oregon. The band formed in early 2007. Their first album, Feast of the Hunter's Moon, was released on April 6, 2010 on the Sugar Hill label.
Rogowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz, within Toru County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres north of Lubicz and 10 km north-east of Toru.
The Cuban vireo is a species of bird in the family Vireonidae that is endemic to Cuba. Its natural habitats are dry forests, lowland moist forests, xeric shrublands, and heavily degraded former forest.
Aswan Governorate is a governorate of Egypt. The capital city is also named Aswan.
The epoophoron or epoöphoron is a remnant of the mesonephric tubules that can be found next to the ovary and fallopian tube.
Montenegrin–Serbian relations are foreign relations between Montenegro and Serbia. From 1918 until 2006 the two states were united under the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, and Serbia and Montenegro. There is controversy regarding the national identity of Montenegro due to recent political developments in the region. There is a debate on the ethnic identification of Montenegrins, and the name of the national language. Despite this, the countries have mostly friendly relations.
Boreonykus is an extinct genus of dromaeosaurid dinosaur, that lived during the Late Cretaceous in the area of present Canada.
SM U-39 was a German Type U 31 U-boat which operated in the Mediterranean Sea during World War I. It ended up being the second most successful U-boat participating in the war, sinking 157 ships for a total of 404,478 tons.
"Holi is a popular ancient Hindu festival, also known as the Indian ""festival of spring"", the ""festival of colours"", or the ""festival of love"". The festival signifies the victory of good over evil. It originated and is predominantly celebrated in India, but has also spread to other regions of Asia and parts of the Western world through the diaspora from the Indian subcontinent.
Fritillaria reuteri is a perennial herbaceous bulbous plant, distributed in Turkey and Iran.
Howard City, locally referred to as Boelus, is a village in Howard County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 189 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Grand Island, Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area.
The Late-May 1998 tornado outbreak and derecho was a historic tornado outbreak and derecho that began on the afternoon of May 30 and extended throughout May 31, 1998, across a large portion of the northern half of the United States and southern Ontario from southeastern Montana east and southeastward to the Atlantic Ocean. The initial tornado outbreak, including the devastating Spencer tornado, hit southeast South Dakota on the evening of May 30. The Spencer tornado was the most destructive and the second-deadliest tornado in South Dakota history. A total of 13 people were killed; 7 by tornadoes and 6 by the derecho. Over two million people lost electrical power, some for up to 10 days.
The Ministry of Élie Decazes was formed on 19 November 1819 after the dismissal of the Ministry of Jean-Joseph Dessolles by King Louis XVIII of France. It was dissolved on 17 February 1820 and replaced on 20 February 1820 by the Second ministry of Armand-Emmanuel du Plessis de Richelieu.
Lot 10 is a shopping complex within central Kuala Lumpur's shopping and entertainment district, Bintang Walk. It serves the wealthy and it is the equivalent of other city's high-class shopping such as Fifth Avenue or Knightsbridge in the 1990s. Since its decline in late 1990s, it has since been widely considered as a middle-upper shopping enclave.
Teklemariam Medhin Weldeslassie is an Eritrean long-distance runner who specializes in the 5000 metres and 10,000 metres. He represented his country at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.
Palwancha is a town in Bhadradri district of the Indian state of Telangana. It is located in Palwancha mandal of Kothagudem revenue division.
Sterkenburg is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht. It existed between 1818 and 1857, when it was merged with Driebergen.
Frederick Allan Hartley Jr. was an American Republican Party politician from New Jersey. Hartley served ten terms in the United States House of Representatives where he represented the New Jersey's 8th and New Jersey's 10th congressional districts. He is by far best known for being the House of Representatives sponsor of the Taft-Hartley Act in 1947.
Saverio Principini is a certified multi-platinum music producer and songwriter active in the Los Angeles music scene since 1987.
Mukinbudin is a small town in the north eastern Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, approximately 298 kilometres east of Perth and 80 kilometres north of Merredin near Lake Campion. It is the main town in the Shire of Mukinbudin. At the 2006 census, Mukinbudin had a population of 281.
Warnau is a river of Lower Saxony, Germany.
"Aldrich Mansion is a late 19th-century property owned by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Providence since 1939. It is located by the scenic Narragansett Bay at 836 Warwick Neck Avenue in Warwick, Rhode Island, south of Providence, Rhode Island. Originally called Indian Oaks, and once the Senator Nelson W. Aldrich Estate. The extensive estate was developed in 1899 by Nelson W. Aldrich, a Republican Party politician who dominated state politics of the period. The main estate house is a sprawling stone French Renaissance structure with lavish interior decoration. The estate's surviving outbuildings include a boathouse and a caretaker's house, the latter located across Warwick Neck Avenue from the main estate. Aldrich's heirs sold the property to the Roman Catholic church in 1939, and it was adapted for use as a seminary. It now serves as the main campus of the Overbrook Academy, a Catholic girls' school. The property now known as ""The Aldrich Mansion"" still belongs to the Diocese of Providence, and is now available as a site for weddings, formal occasions, business conferences, etc. It is also occasionally used for film and television productions."
Rabbitfishes or spinefoots are perciform fishes in the family Siganidae. The 29 species are in a single genus, Siganus. In some now obsolete classifications, the species having prominent face stripes—colloquially called foxfaces–are in the genus Lo. Other species, such as the masked spinefoot, show a reduced form of the stripe pattern. Rabbitfishes are native to shallow waters in the Indo-Pacific, but S. luridus and S. rivulatus have become established in the eastern Mediterranean via Lessepsian migration. They are commercially important food fish, and can be used in the preparation of dishes such as bagoong.
The Archdiocese of Russian Orthodox churches in Western Europe, also called Archdiocese of Parishes of the Russian Tradition in Western Europe, is a Paris-headquartered diocese consisting of parishes in Russian orthodox tradition, located in Western Europe. The diocese hails from the Provisional Administration of Russian Parishes in Western Europe, created in 1921.
Saint-Griède is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
The Dixmude was a Zeppelin airship built for the Imperial German Navy as L 72 and unfinished at the end of the First World War, when it was given to France as war reparation and recommissioned in French Navy service and renamed Dixmude. It was lost when it exploded in mid-air on 21 December 1923 off the coast of Sicily, killing all 52 on board. This was one of the first of the great airship disasters, preceded by the crash of the British R38 in 1921 and the US airship Roma in 1922, and followed by the destruction of the British R101 in 1930, the USS Akron in 1933 and the German Hindenburg in 1937.
Songkhla Lake is the largest natural lake in Thailand. It is on the Malay peninsula in the southern part of the country. Covering an area of 1,040 km² it borders the provinces of Songkhla and Phatthalung. Despite being called a lake, this water feature is actually a lagoon complex geologically.
Megan Sneddon is a Scottish female footballer who plays for Motherwell in the Scottish Women's Premier League. Sneddon made her senior Scotland debut aged 16 and has since amassed over 100 appearances for the national team.
Joncherey is a commune in the Territoire de Belfort department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in northeastern France.
The Endkopf is a mountain in the Ötztal Alps in South Tyrol, Italy.
Eidsfjorden is a fjord in Nordland county, Norway. The 25-kilometre long fjord cuts into the island of Langøya in the Vesterålen archipelago and it is located in the municipalities of Bø, Hadsel, and Sortland. It branches off of the main Vesterålsfjorden which is part of Norwegian Sea. The innermost part of the fjord is part of Sortland Municipality. The outer part of the fjord is split with the western coast belonging to Bø Municipality and the eastern coast belonging to Hadsel Municipality.
The Appel Farm Arts and Music Festival was an annual one-day festival held the first Saturday in June at Appel Farm Arts and Music Center located near Elmer, in Salem County, New Jersey, United States. Appel Farm's signature concert event featured a juried crafts fair, a Children's Village with games and activities, and beer and wine tents. The festival's draw extended beyond New Jersey, attracting audiences of up to 10,000 from the entire mid-Atlantic region and beyond.
Argali is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2729 people living in 511 individual households.
Maalouf is an Arabic surname.
The Chemehuevi Indian Tribe of the Chemehuevi Reservation is a federally recognized tribe of Chemehuevi people, who are the southernmost branch of Southern Paiute people.
Vagnhallen Majorna is a Gothenburg tram network stop. It has two platforms with trees that separate the tram tracks from the road. It is one of the only two stations to have this structure; the other one is Ostindiegatan. Vagnhallen Majorna is an important tram stop because it is near the Vagnhallen Majorna where the tram stop depot is. There are many trams that use the tram stop.
Lee Jung-hwan, better known by his stage name Sandeul is a South Korean singer. He is a member of the South Korean boy group B1A4, that debuted on April 23, 2011. He debuted as a solo artist on October 4, 2016.
"Euromaidan was a wave of demonstrations and civil unrest in Ukraine, which began on the night of 21 November 2013 with public protests in Maidan Nezalezhnosti in Kiev. The protests were sparked by the Ukrainian government's decision to suspend the signing of an association agreement with the European Union, instead choosing closer ties to Russia and the Eurasian Economic Union. The scope of the protests soon widened, with calls for the resignation of President Viktor Yanukovych and his government. The protests were fueled by the perception of ""widespread government corruption"", ""abuse of power"", and ""violation of human rights in Ukraine"". Transparency International named President Yanukovych as the top example of corruption in the world. The situation escalated after the violent dispersal of protesters on 30 November, leading to many more protesters joining. The protests led to the 2014 Ukrainian revolution.
St Mary and St Margaret Church, Castle Bromwich is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Castle Bromwich, Birmingham.
Barri Griffiths is a Welsh actor, stage performer, and former professional wrestler best known for his time with WWE under the ring name Mason Ryan.
Ryerson University Library and Archives is the library of Ryerson University in Toronto, Canada. The Ryerson Library collection consists of over 500,000 books, and over CAD$3 million is spent annually to acquire electronic resources, including e-journals, e-books, databases and indexes, geospatial data, and catalogued websites or electronic documents. Most of the electronic resources can be accessed remotely by Ryerson community members with Internet access, although authentication of Ryerson Library registration is required for access to all commercial resources. The Library acquires materials to support the curriculum taught at the university and to support the research needs of faculty. All hard copy materials are housed in the Library building at Gould and Victoria Streets. In addition to library materials, the Library provides access to desktop computers, laptops, as well as research help and technology assistance.
Athies is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Alfredo Casella was an Italian composer, pianist and conductor.
The Tunguska event was a massive explosion that occurred near the Podkamennaya Tunguska River in Yeniseysk Governorate, Russia, on the morning of 30 June 1908. The explosion over the sparsely populated Eastern Siberian Taiga flattened an estimated 80 million trees over an area of 2,150 km² of forest, and eyewitness reports suggest that at least three people may have died in the event. The explosion is generally attributed to the air burst of a stony meteoroid about 100 metres in size. It is classified as an impact event, even though no impact crater has been found; the object is thought to have disintegrated at an altitude of 5 to 10 kilometres rather than to have hit the surface of the Earth.
Simona Cavallari born 5 April 1971, Rome, is an Italian actress of the cinema, theatre, and television.
Clan Riddell is a Lowland Scottish clan.
Corroboree Rock Conservation Reserve is a protected area in the Northern Territory of Australia located about 42 kilometres east of Alice Springs in the East MacDonnell Ranges.
Disney's Aladdin: A Musical Spectacular was a Broadway-style show based on Disney's 1992 animated film Aladdin with music by Alan Menken and lyrics by Howard Ashman, Tim Rice and Alan Menken.
Osmundites is an extinct genus of the familia Osmundaceae. Vascularized seedless plants and reproduction by spores. They leaf type fronds. They lived in locals humid and swampy.
The O'Donovans are an Irish family. Their patronymic surname derives from Irish Ó Donnabháin, meaning the grandsons or descendants of Donnubán, referring to the 10th century ruler of the Uí Fidgenti, Donnubán mac Cathail. During the 12th and 13th century, O'Donovan relations relocated from the Bruree/Croom area south to the Kingdom of Desmond and to Carbery, where they were a ruling family for centuries and played a role in the establishment of a feudal society under the MacCarthys. Other septs retreated into the southeast corner of the Ui Fidgheinte territory, reaching from Broadford/Feenagh to the Doneraile area, where their territory was identified in the 16th century as Synnagh-Donovan. The northern septs of the O'Donovans did not use a White Rod as the family's position in their original territory was vastly eroded, while several septs of O'Donovans in the southwest territories were semi-autonomous flatha under the MacCarthy Reagh dynasty in Carbery, with the most notable being local petty kings. The family were counted among the leading Gaelic nobility of Ireland.
Rodrigo Sánchez Mercado was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Ávila and Bishop of Mallorca.
Arandis, Namibia is a town in Erongo Region, Namibia. It has been called the Uranium Capital of the World as it is located just 15 km outside the world's largest open-pit uranium mine, the Rössing Uranium Mine. From Khoekhoegowab, 'the place where people cry'.
Matran railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Matran, in the Swiss canton of Fribourg. It is an intermediate stop on the standard gauge Lausanne–Bern line of Swiss Federal Railways.
John Isaac De Graff was a U.S. Representative from New York.
Great Aceh Regency is a regency of the Indonesian province of Aceh. The regency covers an area of 2,969 square kilometres and according to the 2010 census had a population of 351,418; the latest official estimate is 418,467. The Regency is located at the northwest tip of Sumatra island and surrounds the provincial capital of Banda Aceh. It includes a number of islands off the northern tip of Sumatra, which comprise Pulo Aceh district within the regency. The seat of the Regency government is the town of Jantho. The regency is divided into 23 districts with 618 villages.
The Lincoln-Zephyr is a line of luxury cars that was produced by the Lincoln division of Ford from 1936 to 1942. Bridging the gap between the Ford V8 DeLuxe and the Lincoln Model K, the Lincoln-Zephyr expanded Lincoln to a second model line, competing against the Chrysler Airstream, LaSalle, and the Packard One-Twenty.
Indooroopilly railway station is located on the Main line in Queensland, Australia. It serves the Brisbane suburb of Indooroopilly. Immediately south of the station, the line crosses the Brisbane River via the Albert Bridge.
Gianangelo Barzan was an Italian footballer who played as a midfielder.
"The Monks of Malabar is a ""comic opera"" or operetta in 3 acts composed by Ludwig Englander with lyrics by J. Cheever Goodwin and book by Francis Wilson and Goodwin. It opened at the Knickerbocker Theatre on 13 September 1900 and closed on 20 October after 39 performances. For its Broadway production, the scenery was designed by Henry E. Hoyt, costumes were designed by Henry Dazian, shoes furnished by Cammeyer. The music director and conductor was Emerico Morealle."
Melittin is the main component and the major pain producing substance of honeybee venom. Melittin is a basic peptide consisting of 26 amino acids.
Shinsen Station is a railway station on the Keio Inokashira Line in Shibuya, Tokyo, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Keio Corporation.
The Qilian Mountains subalpine meadows ecoregion covers the high meadows and shrubland of the Qilian Mountains, on the northeastern edge of the Tibetan Plateau in central China. These mountains form a divide between the dry regions of the Gobi Desert to the north, and the Qaidam Basin and the Tibetan Plateau to the south. While the habitat supports populations of marmots, grouse and some rare mammal species, the grasslands of the region are under pressure from over-grazing by domestic livestock.
The Norbert F. Beckey Bridge carries Iowa Highway 92 and Illinois Route 92 across the Mississippi River between Muscatine, Iowa and Rock Island County, Illinois, United States.
Suzann Pettersen is a retired Norwegian professional golfer. She played mainly on the U.S.-based LPGA Tour, and was also a member of the Ladies European Tour. Her career best world ranking was second and she held that position several times, most recently from August 2011 until February 2012. She retired on 15 September 2019 after holing the winning putt for the European team at the 2019 Solheim Cup, notwithstanding that she had been away from golf for almost 20 months on maternity leave prior to the event.
Perry Haydn Taylor is an English creative director, designer and entrepreneur, who lives in Somerset and works in London. He is the founder and creative director of Big Fish Design, a brand, design and marketing consultancy.
The rmf RNA motif is a conserved RNA structure that was originally detected using bioinformatics. rmf RNAs are consistently foundwithin species classified into the genus Pseudomonas, and is located potentially in the 5 untranslated regions of rmf genes. These genes encodes the ribosome modulation factor protein, which affects the translation of genes by modifying ribosome structure in response to stress such as starvation. This ribosome modulation is a part of the stringent response in bacteria. The likely biological role of rmf RNAs is ambiguous. Since the RNA could be in the 5 UTRs of protein-coding genes, it was hypothesized that it functions as a cis-regulatory element. This hypothesis is bolstered by the observation that ribosome modulation factor binds ribosomal RNA, and many cis-regulatory RNAs called ribosomal protein leaders participate in a feedback regulation mechanism by binding to proteins that normally bind to ribosomal RNA. However, since rmf RNAs are not very close to the rmf genes, they might function as non-coding RNAs.
Luke 11 is the eleventh chapter of the Gospel of Luke in the New Testament of the Christian Bible. It records Luke's version of the Lord's Prayer and several parables and teachings told by Jesus Christ. The book containing this chapter is anonymous, but early Christian tradition uniformly affirmed that Luke composed this Gospel as well as the Acts of the Apostles.
Cumbernauld, Kilsyth and Kirkintilloch East is a constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It was created for the 2005 general election, replacing Cumbernauld and Kilsyth and part of Strathkelvin and Bearsden.
Ban Kha is a district in the western part of Ratchaburi Province, western Thailand.
North Weeki Wachee is a census-designated place in Hernando County, Florida, United States. The population was 8,524 at the 2010 census, up from 4,253 at the 2000 census.
Monkton, also known as Monkton Boro, is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States. The population was 1,980 at the 2010 census.
Eppan an der Weinstraße, often abbreviated to Eppan or Appiano, is a comune in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 8 kilometres southwest of the city of Bolzano.
Marín is a town and municipality in Galicia, Spain in the province of Pontevedra. This town is where the Spanish Navy was settled. It was established as the Escuela Naval Militar de Oficiales. It is located on the southern shore of the estuary of Pontevedra, in the comarca of O Morrazo.
Escoubès-Pouts is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Úžice is a village and municipality in the Mlník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. As of 2018, it had a population of 935.
Coprosma rubra is a shrub native to New Zealand.
Dezs Lauber was a Hungarian all-round sportsman and architect. He was born in Pécs and died in Budapest.
Arthur Batanides was an American film and television actor, originally from Tacoma, Washington.
The Honda CB600F is a standard motorcycle manufactured by Honda. It is powered by a 599 cc liquid-cooled inline-four engine, originally a detuned version of that in the Honda CBR600 sport bike, which currently produces around 102 bhp. The 'Hornet' name was not taken to North America as AMC, and its successor, Chrysler, had trademarked the name with the AMC Hornet.
Stuart Thomas Elliott is an English football manager and former professional player who played as a defender or midfielder in the Football League for 11 clubs. He is the manager of Northern League Division One club Newcastle Benfield.
Hunedoara County is a county of Romania, in Transylvania, with its capital city at Deva. The county is part of the Danube–Cri–Mure–Tisa Euroregion.
The black-bearded tomb bat is a species of sac-winged bat.
"Anastasiya and Maria Andreyevna Tolmachevy are identical twin singers, actresses, and former child singers from the Russian city of Kursk. Aged nine, they won the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2006 in Bucharest, Romania, with their song Vesenniy Jazz. Eight years later, they represented Russia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2014, placing seventh with the song ""Shine"".
Zbrzyca is a river in Pomeranian Voivodship, Poland.
"Crédit Mutuel is a French cooperative bank, with headquarters in Strasbourg, Alsace. Its slogan is ""La banque qui appartient à ses clients, ça change tout!"". It is currently run by Nicolas Théry and has 32.5 million customers. It is a member of the International Raiffeisen Union, which is an association of cooperatives based on the ideas of Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen."
Typhoon Eli, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Konsing, struck the Philippines and Hainan during mid-July 1992. A weak low pressure system developed in the Philippines Sea on July 7, which became a tropical depression on the next day. The depression tracked west-northwest and strengthened into a tropical storm on July 10. After turning more westward, Eli steadily intensified, and obtained typhoon intensity that evening. The storm attained its highest intensity of 130 km/h early on July 11 before striking northern Luzon. After entering the South China Sea, the storm maintained most of its intensity as it approached Hainan, although agencies disagree on how precisely strong it was. After passing through Hainan late on July 13, Eli passed through the Gulf of Tonkin on the next day before striking Vietnam, where Eli quickly dissipated.
The Maspalomas Lighthouse is an active 19th century lighthouse at the southern end of the Spanish island of Gran Canaria, in the Canary archipelago. It lies at one end of the Maspalomas beach, 4 kilometres south of the resort town centre, next to the area known as the Maspalomas Dunes.
Vysoké nad Jizerou is a town in the Semily District in the Liberec Region, of the Czech Republic. It has about 1,300 inhabitants. It is located 16 kilometers southeast of Jablonec nad Nisou.
Central Pacific Conservation Area is an administrative area which is managed by SINAC for the purposes of conservation in the southwestern part of Costa Rica, on the Pacific coast. It contains four National Parks, and a number Wildlife refuges and other types of nature reserve.
Robert James Hamilton Lambert was an Irish cricketer. A right-handed batsman and a right-arm off spin bowler, he played 51 times for the Ireland cricket team between 1893 and 1930, including 23 first-class matches, captaining them on 13 occasions. He also played first-class cricket for London County and Woodbrook Club and Ground. On his death, the Wisden Cricketer's Almanack described him as the best all-rounder produced by Ireland.
Hisashi Iwakuma is a Japanese professional baseball pitcher for the Yomiuri Giants of Nippon Professional Baseball. He has played in NPB for the Osaka Kintetsu Buffaloes and Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles and in Major League Baseball for the Seattle Mariners.
Buddy's Pizza is an independent pizza restaurant chain based in Detroit, Michigan. Founded in 1946, the company has an annual revenue of US $30 million. The chain's eleven restaurants have a total of 700 employees. Buddy's has been called one of the five best pizzerias in the United States by the Food Network. They have bocce ball league play every Saturday morning at their original location on Conant Street.
Hapalopilus croceus is a species of polypore fungus. It was originally described by Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1796 as Boletus croceus; Marinus Anton Donk transferred it to genus Hapalopilus in 1933 to give it the name by which it is currently known. The species is found in Asia, Europe, Oceania, and North America, where it grows on the rotting wood of deciduous trees.
Vicente Ramón Guerrero Saldaña was one of the leading revolutionary generals of the Mexican War of Independence. He fought against Spain for independence in the early 19th century, and later served as President of Mexico, coming to power through a coup in the aftermath of a disputed election in 1828.
Archduke Wilhelm Franz of Austria, later Wilhelm Franz von Habsburg-Lothringen, also known as Vasyl Vyshyvani, was an Austrian archduke, a colonel of the Ukrainian Sich Riflemen, and a poet.
Orange City is a city in, and the county seat of, Sioux County, Iowa, United States. The population was 6,004 in the 2010 census, an increase from 5,582 in 2000. Named after William of Orange, the community maintains its Dutch settler traditions visibly, with Dutch storefront architecture and an annual Tulip Festival.
The Rural Municipality of Marquis No. 191 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 7 and SARM Division No. 2. It is located in the south-central portion of the province.
Saint-Pierre is the capital of the French overseas collectivity of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, off the coast of Newfoundland in Canada. Saint-Pierre is the more populated of the two communes making up Saint Pierre and Miquelon.
Colin Morgan is a Northern Irish actor. He is best known for playing the title character in the BBC fantasy series Merlin.
"Strike Fighter Squadron 137, also known as the ""Kestrels"", are a United States Navy F/A-18E Super Hornet strike fighter squadron stationed at Naval Air Station Lemoore, California. Their radio callsign is ""Falcon""."
Jagdgeschwader 54 was a Luftwaffe fighter wing during the Second World War. JG 54 flew most of its missions on the Eastern Front where it claimed more than 9,600 aircraft shot down. It was the second-highest scoring wing in the Luftwaffe after JG 52. Notable pilot aces that flew with JG 54 included Walter Nowotny, Otto Kittel, Hans-Ekkehard Bob, Max-Hellmuth Ostermann, Hugo Broch and Hannes Trautloft.
Mikhail Nikolayevich Zagoskin, was a Russian writer of social comedies and historical novels.
"River Oaks Garden Club Forum of Civics is a building at 2503 Westheimer Road in Houston, Texas, United States listed in the National Register of Historic Places as the ""Forum of Civics.""
Home Made Kazoku is a Japanese hip-hop trio from Nagoya, formed in 1996. They are signed to Ki/oon Records, a subsidiary of Sony Music.
María Inés Guerra Núñez, commonly known as María Inés Guerra, is a Mexican TV hostess and singer.
Anuradha Indrajith Cooray is a Sri Lankan marathon runner. Cooray was a competitor at the 2004 Olympic games, finishing 30th out of 113 in the marathon with a time of 2:19:24.
Lee Jun-hyeok, also known as Lee Joon-hyuk, is a South Korean actor. He is known for his role in the popular television series Love in the Moonlight for which he won Best Supporting Actor at the 30th KBS Drama Awards.
Trump Tower is a 58-story, 664-foot-high mixed-use skyscraper at 721–725 Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. Trump Tower serves as the headquarters for The Trump Organization. It is named after and owned by U.S. President Donald Trump.
Gulbarga, officially known as Kalaburagi, is a city in the Indian state of Karnataka. It is the administrative headquarters of Gulbarga district and is the largest city in the Hyderabad-Karnataka region of North Karnataka. Gulbarga is 623 km north of the state capital city of Bangalore and 220 km from Hyderabad. Previously it was part of Hyderabad State and incorporated into a newly formed Mysore State through the States Reorganisation Act in 1956.
Saint Erentrude is a virgin saint of the Eastern Orthodox and Roman Catholic Churches and was the niece of Saint Rupert of Salzburg. She was installed as the first abbess of Nonnberg Abbey at Salzburg, Austria.
Sölvesborg is a locality and the seat of Sölvesborg Municipality in Blekinge County, Sweden with 10,024 inhabitants in 2013.
Sanda Island is a small island in Argyll and Bute, Scotland, off the southern tip of the Kintyre peninsula, near Southend and Dunaverty Castle.
Las Palmas, officially Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, is a city and capital of Gran Canaria island, in the Canary Islands, on the Atlantic Ocean.
"Steven Hoogendijk was a Rotterdam watch and instrument maker and physicist. His portrait to the right, shows him pointing to an early pyrometer from Pieter van Musschenbroeck with pumps in the background. In 1769, Steven Hoogendijk co-founded the Batavian Society for Experimental Philosophy, with a main aim of introducing the steam engine in the Netherlands, and with the motto: ""Certos Feret experientia fructus"".
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1933, adopted unanimously on June 30, 2010, after reaffirming resolutions 1893, 1911 and 1924 on the situation in Côte d'Ivoire and Resolution 1885 on the situation in Liberia, the Council extended the mandate of the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire and supporting French forces until December 31, 2010 and expanded UNOCI's mandate with provisions to strengthen its capacity to consolidate stability in the country.
Trapani is a city and comune on the west coast of Sicily in Italy. It is the capital of the Province of Trapani. Founded by Elymians, the city is still an important fishing port and the main gateway to the nearby Egadi Islands.
The Presbyterian Historical Society is the oldest continuous denominational historical society in the United States. Its mission is to collect, preserve and share the history of the American Presbyterian and Reformed tradition with the church and broader community. It is a department of the Office of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church.
The Bocage's weaver is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
Baerami is a locality in the Muswellbrook Shire in the Upper Hunter region of New South Wales, Australia.
Hans Drakenberg was a Swedish épée fencer. He won a silver medal in the team event at the 1936 Summer Olympics and finished fourth individually. Drakenberg won an individual European title in 1935 and two silver and five bronze medals at European and world championships in 1933–49. In 1935 he was awarded the Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal.
The Powell River is a 195-mile-long river in the United States that rises in Southwest Virginia and flows southwest into East Tennessee.
Tolomeo Gallio was an Italian Cardinal.
San Carlos Sija is a municipality in Quetzaltenango department of Guatemala.
Preston Minster, formally the Minster Church of St John the Evangelist, is in Church Street, in the centre of Preston, Lancashire, England. From its origin it has been the parish church of Preston. It is an active Anglican church in the deanery of Preston, the archdeaconry of Lancaster and the diocese of Blackburn. Its benefice is united with that of St George, Preston. St John's is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building.
Anissa Khedher is a French politician of La République En Marche! who has been serving as a member of the French National Assembly since the 2017 elections, representing the department of Rhône.
Mercury(II) bromide or mercuric bromide is the chemical compound composed of mercury and bromine with the formula HgBr. This white crystalline solid is a laboratory reagent. Like mercury(II) chloride, it is extremely toxic.
Winnebago County is a county of the state of Wisconsin in the United States. 156,763 people were living in Winnebago County as of the census of 2000. The county seat of Winnebago County is Oshkosh.
Au Sable Township is a civil township of Roscommon County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the township population was 255.
nh Quán is a rural district of ng Nai Province in the Southeast region of Vietnam. As of 2003 the district had a population of 214,321. The district covers an area of 967 km². The district capital lies at nh Quán.
Gem is a rock band from Utrecht, Netherlands. The five-piece band was founded in 2003, and has released four albums of which Hunters Go Hungry is the newest.
Upper Tract is an unincorporated community located in Pendleton County, West Virginia, United States. The community lies along U.S. Highway 220 at the confluence of Reeds Creek and the South Branch Potomac River.
Csongrád-Csanád is the name of an administrative county in southern Hungary, straddling the river Tisza, on the border with Serbia and Romania. It shares borders with the Hungarian counties Bács-Kiskun, Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok and Békés. The administrative centre of Csongrád-Csanád county is Szeged. The county is also part of the Danube-Kris-Mures-Tisa euroregion.
Hejdeby is a populated area, a socken, on the Swedish island of Gotland. It comprises the same area as the administrative Hejdeby District, established on 1 January 2016.
US 708 is a hyper-velocity O class subdwarf in Ursa Major in the halo of the Milky Way Galaxy. One of the fastest-moving stars in the galaxy, the star was first surveyed in 1982.
Três Barras do Paraná is a municipality in the state of Paraná in the Southern Region of Brazil.
Robert X. Cringely is the pen name of both technology journalist Mark Stephens and a string of writers for a column in InfoWorld, the one-time weekly computer trade newspaper published by IDG.
The Delaware United States House election for 1800 was held on October 7, 1800. The incumbent Representative and House Minority Leader James A. Bayard Sr. won reelection and defeated the former Representative John Patten, who would die later that year.
Sjernarøy Church is a parish church in Finnøy municipality in Rogaland county, Norway. It is located on the island of Kyrkjøy in the Sjernarøyane islands. The church is part of the Sjernarøy parish in the Tungenes deanery in the Diocese of Stavanger. The red, wooden church was built in 1647. It seats about 160 people. The interior walls of the church are decorated with hand-painted rosemåling.
The Bown Manufacturing Company was established in 1862 in Birmingham by local machinist, William Bown, making a variety of patented mechanical parts. The name Aeolus had been used as a trademark since 1877 and especially for cycle parts. A second-cousin took over the company when the founder died in 1900 and began making powered-cycles also under the Aeolus brand. Production was interrupted by the First World War, after which motorcycles were marketed under the Bown brand until 1924. The company was subsequently acquired by the Aberdale Cycle Company in the 1930s.
The Howe Street Stairs are a public, outdoor staircase that straddles Seattle's Capitol Hill and Eastlake neighborhoods. They were constructed in 1911.
830 Petropolitana is a bright background asteroid from the outer regions of the asteroid belt. It was discovered on 25 August 1916, by Russian astronomer Grigory Neujmin at the Simeiz Observatory on the Crimean peninsula. The stony S-type asteroid has a long rotation period of 39.0 hours and measures approximately 41 kilometers in diameter. It was named after the Russian city of Saint Petersburg.
Rangitoto ki te Tonga / D'Urville Island is an island in the Marlborough Sounds along the northern coast of the South Island of New Zealand. It was named after the French explorer Jules Dumont d'Urville. With an area of approximately 150 square kilometres, it is the eighth-largest island of New Zealand, and has around 52 permanent residents. The local authority is the Marlborough District Council.
Hutson Taylor Mason is an American football quarterback who is a free agent. He played college football at Georgia and was the Bulldogs starting quarterback in 2014. He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Washington Redskins in 2015.
The triangle triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogramma. It was described by Henry Weed Fowler in 1946. This species occurs in the western Pacific Ocean in the Ryukyu Islands, Taiwan and islands in Batangas province in the Philippines.
Thomas Sylvy Gordon was a U.S. Representative from Illinois.
The Indian National League is a National political party in India. It is mainly active in the states of Kerala and Tamil Nadu. The party was formed on 23 April 1994, when Ebrahim Sulaiman Sait resigned from the Indian Union Muslim League.
Ma Than E Fend was a prominent Burmese singer in the early 20th century, known by her stage name Bilat Pyan Than, and an international civil servant who spent a long career in the United Nations.
Aplin Brown & Company Building is a heritage-listed commercial building at 232-234 Flinders Street, Townsville CBD, City of Townsville, Queensland, Australia. It was built in 1887 by Rooney Brothers. It is also known as Buckaroo's Restaurant, Family Services, and Toula's Taverna. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
The Conway River is part of the traditional boundary between the Canterbury and Marlborough regions in the South Island of New Zealand.
Feria Maestros del Arte is a non profit organization and annual three-day event held to support Mexican handcrafts and folk art in Chapala, Jalisco, Mexico. Unlike other fairs of this type, invited participants are not charged booth fees or percentages, and are even afforded transport and accommodations with area families. The Feria has grown from thirteen artisan participants to over eighty, and the organization is legally recognized in Mexico and the United States.
Weiler bei Bingen is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Mainz-Bingen district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. The winegrowing centre belongs to the Verbandsgemeinde of Rhein-Nahe, whose seat is in Bingen am Rhein, although that town is not within its bounds.
The Big Bend Highway is a 305 km former highway in the interior of British Columbia, was the original alignment of British Columbia Highway 1 which followed the Columbia River between Revelstoke and Golden through the Selkirk Mountains.
Corona pfeifferi is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Orthalicidae.
The Halifax Convention Centre is the main conference centre in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. It opened on December 15, 2017 in Downtown Halifax, replacing the older World Trade and Convention Centre.
Design Tech High School, commonly referred to as d.tech, is a tuition-free public charter high school in Redwood City, California, part of the San Mateo Union High School District. Founded in 2014, the school has roughly 550 students and focuses on implementing technology, self-direction, and the process of design thinking into its curriculum.
Birgit Fischer is a German kayaker, who has won eight gold medals over six different Olympic Games, a record she shares with Aladár Gerevich, spanning seven Olympiads: twice representing East Germany, then four times representing the reunited nation. After both the 1988 and 2000 games, she announced her retirement, only to return for the subsequent games. She has been both the youngest- and oldest-ever Olympic canoeing champion. In 2004, she was voted German sportswoman of the year.
Ho Miu-ling was a philanthropist in British Hong Kong. Her influential family included her brother, barrister Kai Ho, her husband, diplomat Wu Tingfang, and her son, diplomat Wu Chaoshu. The Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital is named for her and for her sister-in-law, Alice Walkden.
HMS Foxglove was an Acacia-class minesweeping sloop of the Royal Navy. She saw service in World War I and World War II.
Larry Buendorf is an American security official. He is the Chief Security Officer of the United States Olympic Committee. He is a former United States Navy aviator and Secret Service agent.
Warpasgiljo Glacier is a valley glacier about 25 mi long, flowing West to Sulzberger Ice Shelf between the Swanson Mountains on the North and Mounts Rea and Cooper on the South, in the Edsel Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land. This glacier was discovered by and named for the four Geological Party Expedition members of the West Base of the United States Antarctic Service, in aerial flights and from ground surveys in November–December 1940, as part of the Antarctic Expedition of 1939-1941 led by Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd.
"Stephen M. Katz is an American veterinarian, business owner and politician from Mohegan Lake, New York. He formerly served as a member of the New York State Assembly, representing the 94th Assembly District, including parts of Westchester and Putnam counties. Described by the Putnam Examiner as ""bombastic"" and known ""for his fiery rhetoric,"" he announced his retirement from the state legislature in January 2016."
"The Chadwick was a historic apartment building located at Indianapolis, Indiana. It was built in 1925, and was a three-story, five bay, ""I""-shaped, Georgian Revival style buff brick building with limestone detailing. It featured Tuscan order engaged columns at the entrance. It was destroyed by fire in January 2011.
Malokurilskoye is a village in Yuzhno-Kurilsky District of Sakhalin Oblast, Russia. Population: 1,100, and 1,873.
The Estadio José Ortega Martínez also known as Valley Bowl Stadium, is a stadium of football with capacity for 3,700 people located in Naucalpan, State of Mexico, campus Lomas Verdes Universidad del Valle de Mexico. The stadium is the home team american football representative of the university, the Linces Lomas Verdes.
"The fortifications of Frankfurt were a system of military defences of the German city of Frankfurt am Main which existed from the Middle Ages into the 19th century. Around 1000 the first city wall was built. It enclosed the area of what is now the Königspfalz in modern Frankfurt. In the twelfth century the settlement expanded into what is now Altstadt. For its protection an additional wall, the Staufenmauer, was erected. Starting in 1333, the Neustadt suburb developed north of the Altstadt and was encompassed by an additional wall with five gates. In the fifteenth century, a ""landwehr border"" was created around the entire territory of the Free City of Frankfurt. Beginning in 1628, the medieval city wall was developed to form a bastion fortress under the municipal architect Johann Dilich.
Winschoten is a city with a
Rokytne Raion is a raion in Rivne Oblast in western Ukraine. Its administrative center is the urban-type settlement of Rokytne. Population: 57,179
The 857th Bombardment Squadron is one of the two predecessors of the 557th Tactical Air Support Squadron, an inactive United States Air Force unit, formed in 1985 by the consolidation of the 857th with another inactive bombardment squadron. It has never been active under its most recent designation.
"Gregory Michael ""The Bull"" Luzinski is an American former professional baseball player. A left fielder, Luzinski spent most of his career with the Philadelphia Phillies, and retired as a member of the Chicago White Sox."
Granulomatous prostatitis is an uncommon disease of the prostate, an exocrine gland of the male reproductive system. It is a form of prostatitis, resulting from infection, BCG vaccine, malacoplakia or systemic granulomatous diseases which involve the prostate.
Edward Drake Brockman was a British barrister and Whig politician.
Hinsdale County is one of the 64 counties of the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2010 census, the population was 843, making it the third-least populous county in Colorado. With a population density of only 0.75 inhabitants per square mile, it is also the least-densely populated county in Colorado. The county seat and only incorporated municipality in the county is Lake City. The county is named for George A. Hinsdale, a prominent pioneer and former Lieut. Governor of Colorado Territory.
Sotheby's Institute of Art is a private, for-profit institution of higher education devoted to the study of art and its markets with campuses in London, New York City and Online. The institute offers full-time accredited master's degrees as well as a range of postgraduate certificates, summer, semester and online courses, public programmes, and executive education.
María Zambrano Alarcón was a Spanish essayist and philosopher associated with the Generation of '36 movement. Her extensive work between the civic engagement and the poetic reflection started to be recognised in Spain over the last quarter of the XX century after living many years in exile. She was awarded the Prince of Asturias Award and the Miguel de Cervantes Prize.
The 1964 Hurricane Isbell tornado outbreak was one of the most significant tornado outbreaks to strike the South Florida metropolitan area. The outbreak, which occurred on October 14, 1964, produced at least nine confirmed, and possibly 13 or more, tornadoes, four of which were rated significant on the Fujita scale.
Paul Gustave Doré was a French artist, engraver, illustrator and sculptor. Most of Doré's work was wood engraving and steel engraving.
Gonohe is a town located in Aomori Prefecture, Japan. As of 1 April 2020, the town had an estimated population of 16,880, and a population density of 95 persons per km² in 7,006 households. The total area of the town is 177.67 square kilometres.
The Athens Daily Review is a three-time weekly newspaper in Athens, Texas, published mornings on Tuesday, Thursday & Saturday, and distributed throughout Henderson County. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc., which acquired the paper from Donrey Media Group in 1998 as part of a 28-paper transaction. It does not publish a Sunday, Monday, Wednesday or Friday edition.
The village of La Mongie is at 1,800 m altitude. There are also residences at 1850 and the Tourmalet building at 1900. It lies below the Col du Tourmalet 2,115 m. It is in the canton of Campan in the Midi-Pyrénées region of France and around 20 kilometres from the Spanish border. La Mongie is a winter ski resort offering alpine skiing, snowboarding, snowpark, cross-country skiing, snowmobiles and hiking in snowshoes. In the summer cycling and the use of trials motorcycles is popular. The village has two small supermarkets, a tourist information centre, gift shops and many restaurants and ski rental shops. The nearby spa town of Bagnères-de-Bigorre offers large supermarkets and shops, restaurants, a casino, an 18-hole golf course and the natural spa baths themselves.
Forest City Township is a township in Meeker County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 666 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated community of Forest City is located within Forest City Township.
China Gate Castle Park is a park in Nanjing, Jiangsu province, China. It is located north of the Qinhai River, south of the Nanjing City Wall and near the Changgan Bridge. Entrance to the treelined riverside park is gained through the China Gate.
Topanga is a census-designated place in western Los Angeles County, California, United States. Located in the Santa Monica Mountains, the community lies in Topanga Canyon and the surrounding hills. The narrow southern portion of Topanga at the coast is between the city of Malibu and the Los Angeles neighborhood of Pacific Palisades. As of the 2010 census the population of the Topanga CDP was 8,289. The ZIP code is 90290 and the area code is primarily 310, with 818 only at the north end of the canyon. It is in the 3rd County Supervisorial district.
Utzenaich is a municipality in the district of Ried im Innkreis in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.
The Toyota Curren is a sport compact coupé built by Toyota from 1994 to 1999. It is based on the T200 series Celica chassis. It shared the same interior and rear end design as the Celica coupé. Instead of having four round headlamps like the Celica, it has a rectangular headlamp design providing a more traditional halogen headlamp appearance. Modifying the appearance of the Celica allowed Toyota to sell the Curren at Vista Store locations, as the Celica was exclusive to Corolla Store locations. The Curren directly replaced the T160 series Corona Coupé, which was exclusive to Toyopet Store locations.
Santa Maria de Cóll is a Romanesque church in Cóll in the municipality of Vall de Boí, Catalonia, Spain. It was consecrated in the year 1110. It became a Bien de Interés Cultural site in 1992, and in 2000 it was declared part of the Vall de Boí UNESCO World Heritage Site.
The Ford Consul is a car that was manufactured by Ford UK from 1951 to 1962. The name was later revived for a model produced by Ford in both Britain and Germany from 1972 to 1975.
Castanea crenata, known as Korean chestnut, Korean castanea, and Japanese chestnut, is a species of chestnut originally native to Japan and South Korea. It is a small to medium-sized deciduous tree growing to 10–15 m tall. The leaves are similar to those of the sweet chestnut, though usually a little smaller, 8–19 cm long and 3–5 cm broad. The flowers of both sexes are borne in 7–20 cm long, upright catkins, the male flowers in the upper part and female flowers in the lower part. They appear in summer, and by autumn, the female flowers develop into spiny cupules containing 3–7 brownish nuts that are shed during October.
Austin Kyle Nola is an American professional baseball infielder for the Seattle Mariners of Major League Baseball. He previously attended Louisiana State University, where he played college baseball for the LSU Tigers and was a member of the 2009 College World Series champions.
The R. C. Harris Water Treatment Plant in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, is both a crucial piece of infrastructure and an architecturally acclaimed historic building named after the longtime commissioner of Toronto's public works R. C. Harris. It is located in the east of the city at the eastern end of Queen Street and at the foot of Victoria Park Avenue along the shore of Lake Ontario in the Beaches neighbourhood in the former city of Scarborough.
Julian Charles Rayner is a malaria researcher, and the Director of the Cambridge Institute for Medical Research, part of the University of Cambridge School of Clinical Medicine. He is also Director of Wellcome Genome Campus Connecting Science. He was previously a member of academic Faculty at the Wellcome Sanger Institute.
The Countess Charming is a lost 1917 American silent comedy film directed by Donald Crisp and written by Gelett Burgess, Carolyn Wells, and Gardner Hunting. The film stars Julian Eltinge, Florence Vidor, Tully Marshall, George Kuwa, Edythe Chapman, and Mabel Van Buren. The film was released on September 16, 1917, by Paramount Pictures.
The Alexander Schaeffer House is a historic house museum at 213 South Carpenter Road in Schaefferstown, Heidelberg Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania. Built about 1736 and enlarged in 1771, it is a rare example of an 18th-century colonial German-style Weinbauernhouse, in which a residence and the production of alcohol products are combined in a single building. The house is on the upper Brendle Farms property of Historic Schaefferstown, which offers tours of the house by appointment. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 2011.
Sânpetru de Câmpie is a commune in Mure County, Transylvania, Romania that is composed of six villages: Bârliba, Dâmbu, Satu Nou, Sângeorgiu de Câmpie, Sânpetru de Câmpie and Tuinu. It has a population of 3,044: 81.4% Romanians, 11.85% Roma and 6.73% Hungarians.
X-15 Flight 3-65-97, also known as X-15 Flight 191, was a test flight of the North American X-15 experimental aircraft. It took place on November 15, 1967, and was piloted by Michael J. Adams. It ended in tragedy when the aircraft broke apart minutes after launch due to technical difficulties, killing the pilot and destroying the plane.
Richard Diaz is a Cuban-American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Ricky Reyes. Known for his appearances in Ring of Honor, Pro Wrestling Guerrilla, and various other independent promotions, he is currently primarily working for the World Wrestling Council. He is also currently wrestling for Lucha Underground as Cortez Castro.
Beilschmiedia is a genus of trees and shrubs in family Lauraceae. Most of its species grow in tropical climates, but a few of them are native to temperate regions, and they are widespread in tropical Asia, Africa, Madagascar, Australia, New Zealand, North America, Central America, the Caribbean, and South America. The best-known species to gardeners in temperate areas are B. berteroana and B. miersii because of their frost tolerance. Seeds of B. bancroftii were used as a source of food by Australian Aborigines. Timbers of some species are very valuable.
The Gateway Bridge is a suspension bridge over the Mississippi River in Clinton, Iowa, United States. It carries U.S. Route 30 from Iowa into Illinois just south of Fulton, Illinois. The bridge itself is two travel lanes wide.
Predrag orevi is a retired Serbian footballer.
"Donna Lubertha Hightower was an American R&B, soul and jazz singer and songwriter, who recorded and released albums for the Decca and Capitol labels. Later in her career she was based in Europe, where she had a hit in 1972 with ""This World Today is a Mess."""
The Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant sarcophagus or Shelter Structure was a massive steel and concrete structure covering the nuclear reactor number 4 building of the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant. It was designed to limit radioactive contamination of the environment following the 1986 Chernobyl disaster, by encasing the most dangerous area and protecting it from climate exposure. It was located within a large restricted area known as the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone.
Vaps Movement, the Union of Participants in the Estonian War of Independence was founded as an Estonian association of veterans of the Estonian War of Independence. Later non-veterans were accepted as its supporter-members. The organisation was founded in 1929, and emerged as a mass anti-communist and anti-parliamentary movement. The leaders of this association were Andres Larka and Artur Sirk.
Druid is a small village in Denbighshire, Wales. The village is located where the A5 and the A494 meet, about two miles west of Corwen and near the boundary with Gwynedd.
Geckolepis megalepis is a species of gecko found in the limestone karst formations of northern Madagascar. It is the first addition to the Geckolepis genus since 1942. This species of gecko has the largest scales of any known gecko and can detach them as a defence mechanism when a predator attacks, leaving the predator with a mouthful of scales rather than itself; a character it shares with all other members of the genus Geckolepis. Its scales were reported to come away with greater ease than its congeners.
The Royal Bermuda Regiment, formerly the Bermuda Regiment, is the home defence unit of the British Overseas Territory of Bermuda. It is a single territorial infantry battalion that was formed by the amalgamation in 1965 of two originally voluntary units, the mostly black Bermuda Militia Artillery and the almost entirely white Bermuda Volunteer Rifle Corps.
Liscia is a comune and town in the Province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
Renu Khator is the eighth chancellor of the University of Houston System and the thirteenth president of the University of Houston. She is the first foreign-born president of the university, and the second woman to hold the position. Khator is also the first Indian American to lead a major research university in the United States.
Nasrullah Sadiqi Zada Nili is an ethnic Hazara politician in Afghanistan. He is the representative of the Daikundi people in the fifteenth and sixteenth parliamentary sessions of the Afghanistan Parliament.
Cecropia obtusifolia is a species of plant in the family Urticaceae. It is found in Colombia, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Mexico and Panama. Common Names include trumpet tree, pop-a-gun, tree-of-laziness, and snakewood tree. In Central America it is known as Guarumo. Though impressive silhouetted against the sky, it is an invasive species in the islands of Hawaii.
Taketora Ogata was a Japanese journalist, Vice President of the Asahi Shimbun newspaper and later a politician. During the war, he joined the Imperial Rule Assistance Association. After the end of the war, he was purged from public service. Later, he became the Chief Secretary of the 4th Yoshida Cabinet, Vice President and then President of the Liberal Party of Japan of Japan, but he died before becoming a prime minister.
St Mary's Church is a Listed Anglican parish church in the village of Wix, Essex, England. Formerly associated with a priory from the Middle Ages, the present church dates largely from the 18th century.
Bolshoy Begichev is an island in the Laptev Sea, in the Sakha Republic, Russia.
Kuntur Puna is a mountain in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Amazonas Region, Luya Province, Conila District, and in the Utcubamba Province, in the districts Jamalca and Lonya Grande. It is one of the highest mountains of the area.
The Chevrolet Bel Air was a full-size car produced by Chevrolet for the 1950–1981 model years. Initially only the two door hardtops in the Chevrolet model range were designated with the Bel Air name from 1950 to 1952, as distinct from the Styleline and Fleetline models for the remainder of the range. With the 1953 model year the Bel Air name was changed from a designation for a unique body shape to a premium level of trim applied across a number of body styles. The Bel Air continued with various other trim level designations until US production ceased in 1975. Production continued in Canada, for its home market only, through the 1981 model year.
The Gatehouse and attached range, at the St Pierre Hotel, St Pierre, Mathern, Monmouthshire are the most significant remains of the mansion built by the Lewis family in the late 15th century and owned by them until 1924. The original house was built by William Lewis, and extended by his son George, between 1475 and 1508. After the Lewises sold up, the house had a variety of owners and was converted to the clubhouse of a golf club in 1962. It has since been massively extended as a hotel and country club. The gatehouse and range have Grade II* listed building status.
Nelson Province was constituted in 1853 under the New Zealand Constitution Act 1852, and originally covered the entire upper South Island, including all of present-day Buller, Kaikoura, Marlborough, and Tasman districts, along with Nelson City, Grey District north of the Grey River, and the Hurunui District north of the Hurunui River. It was reduced in size by the creation of Marlborough Province in November 1859, then abolished in 1876, along with all the provinces of New Zealand.
Taylor Potts is a former American football quarterback. He played college football at Texas Tech, and was signed by the St. Louis Rams as an undrafted free agent in 2011. He was waived during training camp, and then signed as a free agent by the San Diego Chargers in May 2012, where he was expected to compete for the third-string quarterback position.
Menominee is a city in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 8,599 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Menominee County. Menominee is the fourth-largest city in the Upper Peninsula, behind Marquette, Sault Ste. Marie, and Escanaba. Menominee Township is located to the north of the city, but is politically autonomous.
Edinburgh North and Leith is a constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, first used in the 1997 general election. It elects one Member of Parliament by the first past the post system of election.
Paul Murray is a conservative radio and TV presenter based in Sydney, Australia.
As Samu' or es-Samu' is a town in the Hebron Governorate of the West Bank, Palestine, 12 kilometers south of the city of Hebron and 60 kilometers southwest of Jerusalem.
Winnebago is a village in Winnebago County, Illinois. It is part of the Rockford-Winnebago Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 3,101 at the 2010 census, up from 2,958 in 2000.
Jacob Sloat Fassett was a businessman, lawyer, and member of the United States House of Representatives from New York.
Linkins Lake is an alpine lake in Pitkin County, Colorado, United States, located high in the Sawatch Range in the Hunter-Fryingpan Wilderness of White River National Forest. The lake is accessible via a 0.6 miles trail from State Highway 82 west of Independence Pass.
The Lawrenceville Street Historic District, in McDonough, Georgia, is a 25 acres historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009. It included 27 contributing buildings and a contributing structure.
Eldon Regua is a retired major general in the United States Army Reserve, who last served as Deputy Commanding General/Chief of Staff for 8th United States Army headquartered in Yongsan, Korea, having just completed an assignment as Commanding General, 75th Division in Houston, Texas in July 2011. As of 2010, he was the senior most active, or reserve, non-retired flag or general officer of Filipino American ethnicity. He is also half Mexican American ethnicity.
"""Altyn Ay"" Medal is a medal of Hero of Turkmenistan, a special decoration of a Hero of Turkmenistan."
"The Stielhandgranate was a German hand grenade of unique design. It was the standard issue of the German Empire during World War I, and became the widespread issue of Nazi Germany's Wehrmacht during World War II. The very distinctive appearance led to it being called a ""stick grenade"", or ""potato masher"" in British Army slang, and is today one of the most easily recognized infantry weapons of the 20th century."
Miloš Krasi is a Serbian professional football winger. He plays for Fenerbahçe SK and the Serbian national team.
Floris Jan Willem de Vries is a Dutch professional golfer.
René Binder is an Austrian racing driver. He is the nephew of former Formula One driver Hans Binder, and his father, Franz, was also a racing driver.
Juzet-de-Luchon is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
Bogolyubovo is a rural locality in Suzdalsky District of Vladimir Oblast, Russia, located some 10 kilometers northeast of Vladimir, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 4,494; 4,218; 4,143; 3,900.
Advanced Renamer is a batch renamer program that can rename multiple files and folders at once. It is developed for Microsoft Windows and released as freeware.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Shreveport is a Roman Catholic diocese covering the parishes of northern Louisiana, and a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of New Orleans. Its bishop is part of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops and belongs to Conference Region V. Its mother church is the Cathedral of Saint John Berchmans, in Shreveport.
Bków Górny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within owicz County, ód Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres west of Zduny, 15 km west of owicz, and 45 km north-east of the regional capital ód.
Founded in 1750 by King Louis XV, the École Militaire is a vast complex of buildings housing various military training facilities. It is located in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, France, southeast of the Champ de Mars.
Fonsomme is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Katherine Kelly Lang is an American actress. She is best known for playing Brooke Logan in the CBS soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful for the CBS Daytime programming block.
Typhoon Amy was the second typhoon to strike China in a week during mid-July 1991. An area of convection was first observed on July 13 within the vicinity of Yap. A tropical depression developed the next day. While initially tracking westward, the system slowly deepened, becoming Tropical Storm Amy on July 16. After briefly turning northwestward, Amy intensified into a typhoon on July 17. Continuing to intensify as it tracked through the Luzon Strait, Amy reached its peak intensity of 175 km/h on July 18. That evening, the typhoon began to show signs of weakening, although it was still believed to have been a typhoon when it made landfall in the province of Guangdong on July 19, becoming the strongest tropical cyclone to hit the province in 22 years. Once inland, the storm rapidly weakened, and by late on July 20, had dissipated completely.
Karen Astrid Hallberg is a professor of physics at the Balseiro Institute. She is Research Director at the Bariloche Atomic Centre and a 2019 L'Oreal-UNESCO Award for Women in Science Laureate.
A screwball is a type of frozen confection that first appeared in the 1970s. It consists of a flavored sorbet like frozen dessert inside a conical, plastic cup with a gumball at the bottom; the flavor of the ice is usually raspberry ripple. Several prominent brands produce screwballs, for example Asda, Popsicle, and Eskimo Pie. The name was originally a commercial product name but is now used to describe all such ice cream treats, whoever makes them. The product does not qualify as ice cream under USDA guidelines.
Eladio Vaschetto was a former Argentine football player. He played with Club Atlético River Plate, Colo Colo and Puebla FC in Mexico.
Belfast Upper is a barony in County Antrim, Northern Ireland. To its east lies the barony of Belfast and Belfast Lough, and it is bordered by five other baronies: Belfast Lower to the north-east; Antrim Upper to the north-west; Massereene Lower to the west; Massereene Upper to the south-west; and Castlereagh Upper to the south. The Forth River flows through both Belfast Upper and Lower. The most prominent hills in the barony are Black Hill and Lyle's Hill.
Integral Coach Factory coaches are conventional passenger coaches used on the majority of main-line trains in India. The design of the coach was developed by Integral Coach Factory, Perambur, Chennai, India in collaboration with the Swiss Car & Elevator Manufacturing Co, Schlieren, Switzerland in the 1950s. The design is also called the Schlieren design based on the location of the Swiss company. The 1st ICF coach had been flagged by then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru on 2 October 1955. The last ever ICF coach was flagged off by senior technician Shri Bhaskar P. in the presence of Railway Board Chairman Ashwani Lohani on 19 January 2018. The Indian Railways intends to phase out ICF coaches and replace all of them with the newer LHB coaches and Train 18 or Train 20 coaches over a period of time, once the codal life of the existing ICF coaches end.
Efva Katarina Attling, is a Swedish silversmith and jewellery designer.
Selliner See (Rügen) is a lake in the Vorpommern-Rügen district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. At an elevation of 0 m, its surface area is 1.38 square kilometres
Operation Magic Carpet was the post-World War II operation by the War Shipping Administration to repatriate over eight million American military personnel from the European, Pacific, and Asian theaters. Hundreds of Liberty ships, Victory ships, and troop transports began repatriating soldiers from Europe in June 1945. Beginning in October 1945, over 370 navy ships were used for repatriation duties in the Pacific. Warships, such as aircraft carriers, battleships, hospital ships, and large numbers of assault transports were used. The European phase of Operation Magic Carpet concluded in February 1946 while the Pacific phase continued until September 1946.
Hermann Zapf was a German type designer and calligrapher who lived in Darmstadt, Germany. He was married to the calligrapher and typeface designer Gudrun Zapf-von Hesse. Typefaces he designed include Palatino, Optima, and Zapfino.
The Waterford Bridge, formerly designated Bridge L0327 and now Bridge L3275, is a historic steel truss bridge over the Cannon River in Waterford Township, Minnesota, United States. It was constructed in 1909 and is one of the state's earliest surviving bridges to use rigid rather than pinned connections. Moreover, it is Minnesota's only known road bridge in which some of the rigid connections are fastened with bolts rather than rivets.
Uttarapurana is a Jain text composed by Acharya Gunabhadra in the 9th century CE. According to the Digambara Uttarapurana text, Mahavira was born in Kundpur in the Kingdom of the Videhas.
Døstrup is a village with a population of 345 in Southern Jutland in Denmark. Døstrup is located six kilometers south of Skærbæk, seven kilometers north of Bredebro and 22 kilometers north of Tønder.
Hong Kong is scheduled to compete at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships in Budapest, Hungary from 14 July to 30 July.
Sheri's Ranch is a legal brothel in Pahrump, Nevada. Unlike other brothels in the state, it styles itself as a resort, with upscale rooms and furnishings, sports bar, tennis courts, a spa and outdoor swimming pool.
Asma Sultana, also known as Sultana A, is a Bangladeshi designer and fashion entrepreneur. She began her career in 1997 and is now expanding her line towards couture clothing. She and her husband Tanjim Ashraful Haque run the fashion retail company Ecstasy in Bangladesh, with the in-house brands Tanjim, ZarZain, and Zoan Ash.
Collie is a town in the South West region of Western Australia, 213 kilometres south of the state capital, Perth, and 59 kilometres inland from the regional city and port of Bunbury. It is near the junction of the Collie and Harris Rivers, in the middle of dense jarrah forest and the only coalfields in Western Australia. At the 2016 census, Collie had a population of 7,192.
"The Soul Survivors are an American, Philadelphia-based, soul and R&B group, founded by New York natives Richie and Charlie Ingui along with Kenny Jeremiah. The Soul Survivors are known for their 1967 hit single ""Expressway to Your Heart"", which was the first hit by Philadelphia soul record producers and songwriters Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff. The Soul Survivors are still performing and recording new music and covers, most recently working with David Uosikkinen of The Hooters and his project ""In the Pocket"" which is paying tribute to the vast catalog of music created in Philadelphia."
La Rocchetta Lighthouse is an active lighthouse located on the southern part of the promontory of Piombino overlooking the Piombino Channel which separates the Elba from the mainland.
Gary Hooper is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Wellington Phoenix FC in the A-League.
The County of March is a county in Queensland, Australia. The county consists of the Noosa area, plus the eastern parts of the Gympie and Fraser Coast regions.
The Javan surili is an endangered species of Old World monkey endemic to the western half of Java, Indonesia, a biodiversity hotspot. Other common names by which it is known by include gray, grizzled or Sunda Island surili; grizzled or stripe-crested langur; Javan grizzled langur; grizzled, Java or Javan leaf monkey; langur gris.
Leganés Central is a station on Line 12 of the Madrid Metro. It is located in fare Zone B1. The station offers connection to Cercanías Madrid via Leganés railway station.
Zinnowitz is a Spa town in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern on the northern German island of Usedom on the Baltic Sea. The town has rail connections to Wolgast and Ahlbeck.
Zafarraya is a municipality in the province of Granada, Spain, with a population of 2,200.
Hydnophora exesa, also called horn coral or spine coral, is a coral in the genus Hydnophora. It was described by Peter Simon Pallas in 1766.
NGC 1387 is a lenticular galaxy in constellation Fornax, in Fornax Cluster. It was discovered by William Herschel on December 25, 1835.
William Wirt Warren was a U.S. Representative from Massachusetts.
At the 1960 Winter Olympics, eight speed skating events were contested in Squaw Valley, California. For the first time in Olympic history, women participated in the Olympic speed skating events after the USOC's proposal to include the women's events was approved by the IOC. The competitions were held from Saturday, February 20, to Tuesday, February 23, 1960, and from Wednesday, February 24, to Saturday, February 27, 1960.
The countries dependent on the Bay of Bengal include littoral and landlocked countries that depend on the Bay of Bengal for maritime usage. Historically, the Bay of Bengal has been a highway of transport, trade and cultural exchange between diverse peoples encompassing South Asia and Southeast Asia. Today, the Bay of Bengal region is the convergence of two major geopolitical blocs- the Association of Southeast Asian Nations and the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation. The Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multisectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation promotes regional engagement in the area.
Donzy is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France. It is notable for having mirrored the national voting pattern at every election since 1981.
Boignée is a village in the municipality of Sombreffe, Wallonia Region, Belgium.
Margaret, Countess of Anjou was Countess of Anjou and Maine in her own right and Countess of Valois, Alençon, Chartres and Perche by marriage. Margaret's father was King Charles II of Naples, whilst her husband was Charles of Valois, and her older brother was Saint Louis of Toulouse; her nephew was Charles I of Hungary.
Ninesprings is a country park situated in the South East of Yeovil, Somerset, the United Kingdom. It is the largest country park in South Somerset, spanning over 20 acres.
Hemer is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 35,000 people live there.
Stanhopea martiana is a species of orchid endemic to southwestern Mexico.
Hotel Redondo was a hotel in Redondo Beach, California that opened in 1890 and was demolished in 1925. The hotel, which had 225 rooms in three stories, was built in a High Victorian style. Construction cost approximately $500,000. At the time, it was one of the most important hotels in Southern California.
Miloš, also called Little Milosh, is an unmanned ground vehicle developed by the Military Technical Institute Belgrade, following the development of Unmanned ground vehicle Milica in 2009. UGV Miloš is in serial production and first customer are Serbian Armed Forces.
The NZR P class was a class of two tank locomotives built to work on the government-owned national rail network of New Zealand in 1876. Their wheel arrangement was 0-6-0T under the Whyte notation system and they were initially ordered by the Otago Provincial Council, but they were soon incorporated into the national locomotive fleet when the provinces were abolished. Other examples of the P class were built for industrial service and never came under the ownership of the New Zealand Railways Department, though one worked on the Kaitangata Line.
Montalet-le-Bois is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
The sharp-tailed grass tyrant is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae, the only one in the genus Culicivora.
Ece Türkolu is a Turkish women's football midfielder currently playing in the Turkish Women's First League as captain for Kdz. Ereli Belediye Spor with jersey number 10. She was part of the Turkey girls' national U-15 team, is still member of the girls' national U-17 and women's national U-19 teams.
Michael Boros is a Czech male cyclo-cross cyclist. He represented his nation in the men's elite event at the 2016 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships in Heusden-Zolder.
Yoakum is a city in Lavaca and DeWitt Counties in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 5,815 at the 2010 census.
Luis David Perdomo is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher for the San Diego Padres of Major League Baseball.
The Peugeot 306 is a small family car built by the French car manufacturer Peugeot from 1993 to 2002. It replaced the 309. Peugeot gave the 306 many updates and aesthetic changes to keep up with the competition, and it was replaced by the 307 in 2001. Cabriolet and estate versions continued until 2002. Versions were built in Argentina by Sevel from 1996 to 2002.
The fourth-generation iPad Mini 4 is a tablet computer that is made and sold by Apple Inc. It was first released on September 9, 2015.
Lough Ennell is a lake near the town of Mullingar, County Westmeath, Ireland. It is situated beside the N52 road, off the Mullingar/Kilbeggan road. The lake is part of the Lough Ennell Special Protection Area. It is 6.5 km long by 2 km wide, with an area of about 12 km². Lough Ennell has a large area of shallow water with nearly two-thirds of its area being less than 25 feet and almost half of it being under 10 ft deep. The lake produced Ireland's largest ever lake brown trout at 26 lbs. Lough Ennell is dotted with islands, many of which have now become attached to the shoreline as the levels of the lake have changed.
Lionel Braham was a British actor. He appeared in the films Snow White, Young Lochinvar, I'll Show You the Town, Skinner's Dress Suit, Don Juan, As You Like It, Personal Property, The Prince and the Pauper, Wee Willie Winkie, Lord Jeff, A Christmas Carol, The Little Princess, I Dood It, The Song of Bernadette and Macbeth, among others.
Mission Hills is a census-designated place in Santa Barbara County, California, a short distance north of Lompoc on Highway 1. The population was 3,576 at the 2010 census, up from 3,142 at the 2000 census.
Nowa Bogacica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczbork, within Kluczbork County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Fockenbach is a river of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Jozef Gregor, better known as Jozef Gregor-Tajovský was a Slovak prose and drama author, poet, teacher and politician.
Casteil is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France, part of the historical Conflent comarca. The abbey Martin-du-Canigou is located above Casteil.
Frederick II ruled the Kingdom of Prussia from 1740 until 1786, the longest reign of any Hohenzollern king at 46 years. His most significant accomplishments during his reign included his military victories, his reorganization of Prussian armies, his patronage of the arts and the Enlightenment and his success in the Seven Years' War. Frederick was the last Hohenzollern monarch titled King in Prussia and declared himself King of Prussia after achieving sovereignty over most historically Prussian lands in 1772. Prussia had greatly increased its territories and became a leading military power in Europe under his rule. He became known as Frederick the Great and was nicknamed Der Alte Fritz by the Prussian people and eventually the rest of Germany.
The thirteenth Kerala legislative assembly election was held on 13 April 2011 to elect members representing 140 constituencies in Kerala. Election results were released on 13 May 2011. The election, whose results were released on 13 May 2011, proved to be one of the most closest one in Kerala's history, with the United Democratic Front beating the Left Democratic Front by a margin of 4 seats.
The Finnish national road 55 is the 2nd class main route between the municipality of Mäntsälä and the city of Porvoo in southern Finland. It also passes through the municipality of Askola. Going in the opposite direction, from Mäntsälä to Hanko, the road continues as the 1st class main road 25. Together with the aforementioned road, it forms the Helsinki Metropolitan Circuit and is often referred to as the outer beltway of the Greater Helsinki or also known as the Ring V.
Edenetta is a historic farm property at 6514 Tidewater Trail in rural northern Essex County, Virginia, west of the hamlet of Chance. The main house is a two-story brick building, constructed in the first decade of the 19th century by a member of the locally prominent Waring family. It was originally Federal in style, but was given Greek Revival features in the 1840s. The property, which includes a smokehouse and kitchen, remained in the Waring family until 1984.
The Brat is a 1919 American silent drama film produced by and starring Alla Nazimova and directed by Herbert Blache. The film was released by Metro Pictures, who had Nazimova under contract, and is based on Maude Fulton's 1917 Broadway play in which she starred. It was remade as the 1931 film The Brat with Sally O'Neil in the lead role. The film is lost.
Gladys Leslie Moore was an American actress in silent film, active in the 1910s and 1920s. Though less-remembered than superstars like Mary Pickford, she had a number of starring roles from 1917 to the early 1920s and was one of the young female stars of her day.
The Mikmaq or Migmaq are a First Nations people of the Northeastern Woodlands, indigenous to the areas now known as Canada's Atlantic Provinces and the Gaspé Peninsula of Quebec as well as the northeastern region of Maine. They call their national territory Mikmaki. The nation has a population of about 170,000, of whom nearly 11,000 speak Mikmaq, an Eastern Algonquian language. Once written in Mikmaq hieroglyphic writing, it is now written using most letters of the Latin alphabet.
The Galleria d'Arte Moderna of Bologna is the modern art museum of the city. It has five exhibition venues: MAMbo, the Museo d'Arte Moderna di Bologna; the Villa delle Rose; the Museo Morandi; Casa Morandi; and the Museo per la Memoria di Ustica. The collections consist of more than 3,500 items of modern and contemporary art.
Violet Oakley was an American artist. She was the first American woman to receive a public mural commission. During the first quarter of the twentieth century, she was renowned as a pathbreaker in mural decoration, a field that had been exclusively practiced by men. Oakley excelled at murals and stained glass designs that addressed themes from history and literature in Renaissance-revival styles.
urawce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 13 kilometres south-east of Tomaszów Lubelski and 119 km south-east of the regional capital Lublin. The village is located in the historical region Galicia.
Angelina Köhler is a German swimmer. She competed in the women's 100 metre butterfly at the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.
Vesyolye Rebyata is a Soviet VIA band formed in 1966, in Moscow. It became one of the most successful and best known VIA bands of all time. Its debut album sold 15,795,000 copies and its membership included at various times such popular Soviet era singers as Alla Pugachova, Alexander Gradsky, and Alexander Barykin. As of 2006, the band had sold a record-shattering 179,850,000 records.
Heinrich Louis Theodor Gurlitt, also called Louis Gurlitt, was a Danish-German painter of landscapes. His brother was the composer Cornelius Gurlitt, and his son was the architect and art historian also called Cornelius Gurlitt.
The Grant Mills Bridge, officially the Millbrook Bridge, is a wooden covered bridge over Mill Brook in Hardenburgh, New York, United States. It is one of 29 covered bridges in the state.
The Afon Col-huw is a very short river in Llantwit Major in the Vale of Glamorgan, south Wales.
Okaba is a coastal town in Merauke Regency, Papua, Indonesia.
Archlebov is a village in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. It is located 25 km northwest of Hodonín and has a population of 864.
Bogdan Vod is a commune in Maramure County, Maramure, Romania. The commune was named after its significant native, Bogdan I, the second founder of Moldavia. It is composed of two villages, Bocicoel and Bogdan Vod.
"Arthur Harwood ""Affie"" Jarvis was an Australian wicket-keeper who played for Australia and South Australia. His Test cricket debut was against England at the MCG on 15 January 1885 and his last Test was also against England at the same ground on 1 March 1895.
Maharashtra is a state in the western peninsular region of India occupying a substantial portion of the Deccan Plateau. As the home of the Marathi people, Maharashtra is the second-most populous state and third-largest state by area in India. Spread over 307,713 km², it is also the world's second-most populous country subdivision. Maharashtra is bordered by the Arabian Sea to the west, the Indian states of Karnataka and Goa to the south, Telangana to the southeast and Chhattisgarh to the east, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh to the north, and the Indian union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu to the northwest.
Angelo Acerbi is an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church, who has been an archbishop since 1974 and served in the diplomatic service of the Holy See as the Apostolic Nuncio to New Zealand, the Netherlands, Colombia, Hungary, and Moldova.
Brandon Xavier Ingram is an American professional basketball player for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association. He was selected by the Los Angeles Lakers with the second overall pick in the 2016 NBA draft, and was named to the NBA All-Rookie Second Team.
Thiosulfate dehydrogenase is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction:
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences of Spain is a Spanish professional organisation dedicated to the promotion and development of Spanish cinema. Founded in 1986, it is responsible for the annual Goya Awards, Spain's principal film awards.
Edirne, historically known as Adrianople, is a city in the northwestern Turkish province of Edirne in the region of East Thrace, close to Turkey's borders with Greece and Bulgaria. Edirne served as the third capital city of the Ottoman Empire from 1369 to 1453, before Constantinople became the empire's fourth and final capital between 1453 and 1922. The city's estimated population in 2014 was 165,979.
The Lauter is a tributary to the Glan. The river flows about 33 km north-northwest of Kaiserslautern, through Hirschhorn, Wolfstein and Lauterecken where it meets the Glan.
Bertram Ross was an American dancer best known for his work with the Martha Graham Dance Company, with which he performed for two decades. He was Martha Graham’s longtime dance partner and the originator of male roles in most of her major ballets from the 1950s and 1960s, including Adam in Embattled Garden, and both Agamemnon and Orestes in Clytemnestra. After leaving Graham's company, Ross taught, choreographed and formed his own dance company. In later life, he toured in a cabaret duo with his real life partner, the composer and pianist John Wallowitch.
The international fast food restaurant chain Burger King includes chicken nuggets as part of their menu. Introduced in 1985 as a response to the chicken meat shortage of the time, the chain's chicken nuggets are a popular item on their menu.
Timothy Paul Bogar is an American Major League Baseball coach and a former infielder, manager, and front-office executive. In 2018, he became the Washington Nationals’ first base coach under manager Dave Martinez.
The crucifix toad, or holy cross frog, is a species of frog in the family Limnodynastidae. It is a fossorial frog. It is one of the few Australian frogs to display aposematism. It is native to western New South Wales and south-western Queensland.
The Tunks Creek bridge is a heritage-listed timber truss road bridge that carries Galston Road across Tunks Creek, located on Galston in the Berowra Valley Regional Park in the Hornsby Shire local government area of New South Wales, Australia. The bridge spans Tunks Creek in the valley of the Galston Gorge. The road through the gorge provides a link between Hornsby Heights and Galston, suburbs of Sydney. The bridge is also known as the Bridge over Tunks Creek and Pearces Creek Bridge. The property is owned by Roads and Maritime Services, an agency of the Government of New South Wales. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 20 June 2000.
Celsian is an uncommon feldspar mineral, barium aluminosilicate, BaAlSiO. The mineral occurs in contact metamorphic rocks with significant barium content. Its crystal system is monoclinic, and it is white, yellow, or transparent in appearance. In pure form, it is transparent. Synthetic barium aluminosilicate is used as a ceramic in dental fillings and other applications.
Pham Quang Khiem was a first lieutenant and co-pilot in the South Vietnam Air Force during the Vietnam War. Khiem was a cargo pilot with the 53rd Tactical Wing of the 5th Air Division stationed at Tan Son Nhut. He flew several missions into communists gained Pleiku in hopes to rescue VNAF personnel. On 3 April 1975, Khiem organized a plan to steal a C-130a and gather 53 people to rescue them from the communist North Vietnamese. Later, Khiem became a pilot for Piedmont Airlines until 2006.
"Patrick ""Paddy"" Murphy is an Irish musician, best known as the lead vocalist of the Celtic band Gaelic Storm."
The Kuzari, full title Book of Refutation and Proof on Behalf of the Despised Religion, also known as the Book of the Kuzari, is one of the most famous works of the medieval Spanish Jewish philosopher and poet Judah Halevi, completed around 1140. Originally written in Arabic, prompted by Halevi's contact with a heretic, probably a Spanish Karaite, it was then translated into Hebrew and is regarded as one the most important apologetic works of Jewish philosophy.
Golf is a 1922 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy. The film has been released on DVD.
Tržac is a village in the municipality of Cazin, Una-Sana Canton, Bosanska Krajina region, western Bosnia and Herzegovina.
M/V Northern Sea Wolf is a roll-on/roll-off ferry operated by BC Ferries in British Columbia, Canada. Her normal sailing schedule is five days a week during the peak summer season on the Inside Passage route connecting Bella Coola and Port Hardy. The route normally takes about ten hours to complete. Her schedule calls for one trip per day during daylight hours to maximize passenger enjoyment of the scenery.
Venison Island is an island off of the coast of Labrador.
Crofton Park is a station on the 'Catford Loop' West Hampstead Thameslink to Sevenoaks route, between Nunhead and Catford. It is in Travelcard Zone 3.
The Frisky Mrs. Johnson is a 1920 silent film comedy starring Billie Burke. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed through Paramount Pictures. It is based on a 1903 Broadway stage play by Clyde Fitch. On the stage Burke's part was played by Amelia Bingham. Burke's next to last silent film. It is a lost film.
The Bornean bearded pig, also known ambiguously as the bearded pig, is a species in the pig genus, Sus.
The river chub is a minnow in the family Cyprinidae. It is one of the most common fishes in North American streams.
Amami Airport is an airport located 21.9 km east northeast Amami, a city on Amami shima in the Kagoshima Prefecture of Japan.
The 29er is a two-person high performance sailing skiff designed by Julian Bethwaite and first produced in 1998. Derived from the Olympic class 49er class, it is raced in the ISAF Youth Sailing World Championships. The 29er is able to reach high speeds fairly quickly by having a sleek and hydrodynamic hull and will often exceed the wind speed when planing both up and downwind.
The Perry County Courthouse is located at Main and Pine Streets in the commercial heart of Perryville, Arkansas, the seat of Perry County. It is a two-story brick building, with a hip roof. It is very simply styled, with rectangular two-over-two windows set in unadorned openings. Its main entrance is deeply recessed in an opening framed by pilasters and an entablatured, with multi-light sidelight windows to either side of the door. The courthouse was built in 1888, and was the county's third. It has been enlarged by single-story wings to either side.
Chopaka Mountain, also known as Mount Chopaka, is a summit in the leeward flank of the North Cascades. Its summit area is a Natural Area Preserve comprising 2,764 acres, and features a mountain goat population and various rare plants. The last surviving native herd of bighorn sheep in Washington was located on Chopaka Mountain until hunted out in the 1920s.
Harvey Leslie Hyde is an American sports journalist and former football coach. He served as the head football coach at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas from 1982 to 1985.
The R363 road is a regional road in Ireland linking Newbridge, County Galway to the R362 west of Athlone. It passes through Ballynamore Bridge where it crosses the River Shiven. It then crosses the River Suck into County Roscommon at Ballyforan and goes through Dysart, County Roscommon before terminating.
Frédéric Samuel Cordey was a French landscape painter who was a part of the Impressionist movement. He was a close friend of Auguste Renoir, and had a personal fortune that allowed him to work according to his taste, regardless of the publicity and support provided by art dealers.
Cabiate - Parco della Brughiera railway station is a railway station in Italy. Located on the Milan–Asso railway, it serves the town of Cabiate and it also represents the principal entrance to the Parco della Brughiera, a wood from Cabiate to Montorfano. Here there's also an interchange with the C80 autobus line Monza-Meda-Cantù.
Francesco Greco, also known as Franco Greco, was an Italian lawyer and politician. He served as a Senator from 1983 to 1994.
The A1, also commonly Rruga e Kombit or SH10, is the longest and only toll motorway in Albania, stretching 114 kilometres in the counties of Lezhë and Kukës. It consists for the most part of two traffic lanes and an emergency lane in each driving direction separated by a central reservation.
Ophrys umbilicata is a species of orchid found from Albania to Iran, including Greece, Israel, Turkey and Cyprus.
The Baling River Bridge is a suspension bridge in Guanling County in Guizhou Province of China. The bridge spans the Baling River Valley and opened to public traffic on December 23, 2009. The bridge is part of the G60 Shanghai–Kunming Expressway between Kunming and Guiyang and reduced the travel time across the river valley from one hour to four minutes. The suspension span is 1,088 m long, and the bridge has a total length of 2,237 m. It is also one of the world's highest bridges with 370 m of clearance above the river.
Bankstown railway station is located on the Bankstown line, serving the Sydney suburb of Bankstown. It is served by Sydney Trains T3 Bankstown line services.
Laventie is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
James S. Harris is a scientist and engineer and fellow of IEEE, American Physical Society and Optical Society of America. His research primarily deals with optoelectronic devices and semiconductor material research. Since 1982, he is the James and Elenor Chesebrough Professor of Electrical Engineering, Applied Physics and Material Science at Stanford University.
Miyoko Watai is an inactive/retired Japanese chess player. She was awarded the title of Woman International Master by FIDE in 1997. Watai is four-time Japanese women's champion. She lives in Kamata ward, which is now part of ta, Tokyo.
The Château de Lassay is a 15th-century castle in Lassay-les-Châteaux, in the Mayenne department.
Nairn and Hyman is a township in the Canadian province of Ontario. The township, located in the Sudbury District, borders on the southwestern city limits of Greater Sudbury west of the city's Walden district. The township had a population of 342 in the Canada 2016 Census.
Jordan Belchos is a Canadian speed skater. He primarily skates in the long distances of 1500 m, 5000 m and 10 000 m, as well as the mass start event. He won medals at the World Cup level and finished third at the 2012–13 ISU Speed Skating Mass Start World Cup.
As part of the China–Pakistan Economic Corridor, reconstruction and upgrade works are underway on the 887-kilometre-long National Highway 35, which forms the Pakistani portion of the Karakoram Highway.
Morecambe and Lunesdale is a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2010 by David Morris, a Conservative.
Susan Lynn Williams was an American marine biologist and Distinguished Professor of Evolution and Ecology at the University of California, Davis, where she directed the Bodega Marine Laboratory from 2000-2010. She researched marine coastal ecosystems and how they are affected by human activities. She was a strong advocate for environmental protection, credited with helping pass legislation expanding the boundaries of Northern California's Gulf of the Farallones and Cordell Bank national sanctuaries, increasing the area of federally-protected coastal waters.
Arnegard is a city in McKenzie County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 115 at the 2010 census. Arnegard was founded in 1913.
Toyota is a city in Aichi Prefecture, Japan. As of 1 October 2019, the city had an estimated population of 426,162 and a population density of 464 persons per km². The total area was 918.32 square kilometres. It is located about 35 minutes from Nagoya by way of the Meitetsu Toyota Line.
"Rabban Mar Hormizd was a monk who lived in the seventh century in modern northern Iraq. Rabban is the Syriac term for monk. ""Rabban"" is also the Aramaic word for ""teacher"". He founded the Rabban Hormizd Monastery in Alqosh, named after him, which has served in the past as the patriarchate of the Church of the East.
The convex horseshoe bat is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae. It is found in Malaysia and Laos.
Saint Nicholas of Flüe was a Swiss hermit and ascetic who is the patron saint of Switzerland. He is sometimes invoked as Brother Klaus. A farmer, military leader, member of the assembly, councillor, judge and mystic, he was respected as a man of complete moral integrity. Brother Klaus's counsel to the Diet of Stans helped to prevent war between the Swiss cantons.
Camden is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States. It is part of the Dover, Delaware Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 3,464 at the 2010 census.
All Saints Church, Lindfield is a Grade II* listed Church of England church in Lindfield, West Sussex, England, built in the Middle Ages in the Early English style. The church is built of Sussex and Ardingly sandstone and dates mainly from the early 14th century. In the late 16th and early 17th centuries the church fell into decline and became almost derelict. It was fully restored in the mid-19th century, largely thanks to the efforts of the curate Reverend Francis Hill Sewell, a Cambridge graduate who remained the incumbent at Lindfield until his death in 1862.
Clachan of Campsie or Campsie Glen is a settlement now in the East Dunbartonshire area of Scotland. It was formerly part of the county of Stirlingshire. It is situated to the south of the Campsie Fells at the foot of Campsie Glen where the Finglen and Aldessan Burns meet, forming the Glazert Water which then flows south-east until it joins the River Kelvin near Kirkintilloch.
Iteti is a commune in Bacu County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Ciumai, Dumbrava, Fgeel and Iteti. These were part of Bereti-Bistria Commune until 2005, when they were split off.
Sweet Briar College is a private women's college in Sweet Briar, Virginia. It was established in 1901 by Indiana Fletcher Williams in memory of her deceased daughter, Daisy. The college formally opened its doors in 1906 and granted the B.A. degree for the first time in 1910. It nearly closed in 2015 but was saved by donations and legal actions by alumnae.
The Annona Chalk is a geologic formation in Arkansas, Texas, Louisiana, and Oklahoma. It preserves fossils dating back to the Cretaceous period. The formation is a hard, thick-bedded to massive, slightly fossiliferous chalk. It weathers white, but is blue-gray when freshly exposed. The unit is commercially mined for cement. Fossils in the Annona Chalk include coelenterates, echinoderms, annelids, bivalves, gastropods, cephalopods, and some vertebrate traces. The beds range in thickness, up to over 100 feet in depth in some areas. There is a gradual transition between the Annona chalk and the underlying Brownstown formation, where chalk and marl are interbedded.
Wazir Khan was Governor of Sirhind, administering a territory of the Mughal Empire between the Sutlej and Yamuna rivers.
Siding Spring Observatory near Coonabarabran, New South Wales, Australia, part of the Research School of Astronomy & Astrophysics at the Australian National University, incorporates the Anglo-Australian Telescope along with a collection of other telescopes owned by the Australian National University, the University of New South Wales, and other institutions. The observatory is situated 1,165 metres above sea level in the Warrumbungle National Park on Mount Woorat, also known as Siding Spring Mountain. Siding Spring Observatory is owned by the Australian National University and is part of the Mount Stromlo and Siding Spring Observatories research school.
Dom Constantino of Braganza was a Portuguese nobleman, conquistador, and administrator of the Portuguese Empire. Born a member of the powerful House of Braganza, he is best known for having served as Viceroy of Portuguese India and for initiating the Portuguese conquest of Sri Lanka.
Fries Boarding Houses are two historic boarding houses located at Fries, Grayson County, Virginia. They were built as twins, and are large two-story frame buildings resting on full-height stuccoed brick basements in the Colonial Revival style. They have side-gable roofs, brick interior end chimneys, and gabled dormers. The exact date of the boarding houses is unknown, but they likely date to the first phase of village construction between 1901 and 1910.
USCGC Joseph Gerczak is the 26th Sentinel-class cutter built for the United States Coast Guard. She will be the second member of the three members of her class to be homeported in Honolulu, Hawaii.
Sunnosato-Ebara Station is a train station in the city of Ibara, Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
Orillia/Matchedash Lake Water Aerodrome, is located 10 nautical miles north of Orillia, Ontario, Canada.
The Cuterebrinae, the robust bot flies, are a subfamily of Oestridae which includes large, parasitic flies; this group has historically been treated as a family, but all recent classifications place them firmly within the Oestridae. Both genera spend their larval stages in the skin of mammals. The genus Cuterebra, or rodent bots, attack rodents and similar animals. The other genus, Dermatobia, attacks primates, including humans.
In Our Own Way is a 2013 documentary written, directed and produced by Italian director Wilma Massucco, telling a story of five women and their relationship with men. The project received Special Mention Award at the Mumbai Women's International Film Festival 2013. Five women tell their stories of relationships with a man – uncensored, unvarnished they reveal deep and intimate truths of love's many facets. Five female perspectives, five different ways of loving a man: dreamed love, suffered love, lost love, denied love and realized love.
Luigi Nazari di Calabiana was an Italian churchman and politician: a senator of the Kingdom of Sardinia and Archbishop of Milan.
Graham Allan Manou is a former Australian cricketer who played for South Australia and the Melbourne Renegades in Australian domestic cricket, as well as one Test match and several One Day Internationals for the Australian national cricket team. He is a wicket-keeper and aggressive right-handed batsman who has taken more dismissals than any other South Australian player in One Day domestic cricket. Manou announced his retirement from First Class cricket in March 2011.
Julius Friedrich Leopold Rupp was a Prussian Protestant theologian.
The Dryopteridaceae are a family of leptosporangiate ferns in the order Polypodiales. They are known colloquially as the wood ferns. In the Pteridophyte Phylogeny Group classification of 2016, the family is placed in the suborder Polypodiineae. Alternatively, it may be treated as the subfamily Dryopteridoideae of a very broadly defined family Polypodiaceae sensu lato.
"Scott Richard Hoying is an American baritone singer-songwriter, arranger, and musician from Arlington, Texas, who came to international attention as the founder and performer of two groups; the quintet a cappella collective Pentatonix, and the duo Superfruit. As of May 2020, Pentatonix has released ten albums, including two number ones, have had four songs in the Billboard Hot 100, and won three Grammy awards as ""the first a cappella group to achieve mainstream success in the modern market"". As of February 2019, Superfruit’s YouTube channel has over 2.4 million subscribers, and over 392 million views. As of 2016, Hoying lives in Hollywood, California."
Tormentor is a black metal musician who is best known for his work as guitarist with the Norwegian black metal band Gorgoroth.
Edmonton Tower, also referred to as the City of Edmonton Tower, is a 29-storey 129.84-metre tall, office building in the Ice District area of Edmonton, Alberta. It opened in mid-December 2016. In total it has 3,716 square metres of retail space, and over 48,000 square metres of office lease-able area. It is Edmonton's eighth tallest building.
Michael P. Bolsinger is an American professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent. He previously played in Major League Baseball for the Arizona Diamondbacks, Los Angeles Dodgers, and Toronto Blue Jays and for the Chiba Lotte Marines of Nippon Professional Baseball.
Mount Carmel High School was a Roman Catholic all-boys' high school located in Los Angeles, in the U.S. state of California. It was located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles. It was founded by the Carmelite Order in 1935. The school closed in 1976, and was demolished in 1983. The school was designated a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument in 1979.
Rocky De La Fuente ran a third-party campaign for the presidency of the United States in the 2016 election. De La Fuente had sought the Democratic Party's nomination during their presidential primaries. De La Fuente did not win any delegates to the 2016 Democratic National Convention, but he came in third by total votes received. De La Fuente founded the American Delta Party and ran as its presidential nominee with running mate Michael Steinberg. He was also the presidential nominee of the Reform Party, which had ballot access in Florida, Louisiana, and Mississippi. He received 33,136 votes in the general election, placing him eighth in the popular vote.
Cadiz is a town in Green County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 863 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated community of Martintown is located in the town.
Munditia is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Liotiidae.
Huron County is a county of the province of Ontario, Canada. It is located on the southeast shore of its namesake, Lake Huron, in the southwest part of the province. The county seat is Goderich, also the county's largest community.
John William Green was an Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League.
"Beattyville is a home rule-class city in Lee County, Kentucky, United States. The city was formally established by the state assembly as ""Beatty"" in 1851 and incorporated in 1872. It was named for Samuel Beatty, a pioneer settler.
"A fiddle is a bowed string musical instrument, most often a violin. It is a colloquial term for the violin, used by players in all genres including classical music. Although violins and fiddles are essentially synonymous, the style of the music played may determine specific construction differences between fiddles and classical violins. For example, fiddles may optionally be set up with a bridge with a flatter arch to reduce the range of bow-arm motion needed for techniques such as the double shuffle, a form of bariolage involving rapid alternation between pairs of adjacent strings. To produce a ""brighter"" tone, compared to the deeper tones of gut or synthetic core strings, fiddlers often use steel strings. The fiddle is part of many traditional styles, which are typically aural traditions—taught 'by ear' rather than via written music.
Vergné is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Matabeleland is a region located south western of Zimbabwe, it is divided into three provinces: Matabeleland North, Bulawayo, and Matabeleland South. These provinces are in the west, and south-west of Zimbabwe, between the Limpopo and Zambezi rivers and it is further separated from Mashonaland by Munyati River in central Zimbabwe. The region is named after its inhabitants, the Ndebele people who were called 'Matabele' by British White Colonialists as they failed to pronounce 'Ma Ndebele'. Other ethnic groups who inhabit parts of Matabeleland include the Tonga, Bakalanga, Venda, Nambya, Khoisan, Xhosa, Sotho, Tswana, and Shangaan. The population of Matabeleland is just over 40% of the Zimbabwe's total.
"The mugimaki flycatcher is a small passerine bird of eastern Asia belonging to the genus Ficedula in the Old World flycatcher family, Muscicapidae. The name ""mugimaki"" comes from Japanese and means ""wheat-sower"". The bird is also known as the robin flycatcher."
Joshua Paul Pastner is an American college basketball coach, and the current head coach of the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets.
Dinodocus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur, named by Richard Owen in 1884. The name is now usually considered a nomen dubium. The only species, D. mackesoni, a name given to some fossil bones from the Atherfield Clay Formation of Hythe, Kent, England, were formerly placed in the genus Pelorosaurus, but a review by Upchurch et al. concluded that Dinodocus is a nomen dubium.
Henry Shaw was a businessman, amateur botanist, and slave owner in St. Louis when it was a gateway city to the West. His businesses supplied residents, pioneers and others. Having made his fortune, he was able to retire at age 40, pursue his interest in botany, and used much of his fortune in philanthropy. He is best known as the founder of the Missouri Botanical Garden, but he also donated the land to the city for Tower Grove Park and oversaw its development. He donated funds to several other city institutions as well.
Ramy Romany is an Egyptologist, Documentarian, TV Host and DGA Director. He has filmed, produced, directed, and been featured in over a hundred documentaries, and has worked with networks such as The Discovery Channel, The History Channel, and National Geographic.
Monte Bove is a mountain in the Monti Sibillini range of the Apennines, Marche, central Italy. It has an elevation of 2169 metres.
Brânceni is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Brânceni.
Camposaurus is a coelophysoid dinosaur genus from the Norian stage of the Late Triassic period of North America. The pertinent fossil remains date back to the early to middle Norian stage, and is widely regarded as the oldest known neotheropod.
Fleishhacker Pool or Delia Fleishhacker Memorial Building was a public saltwater swimming pool located in the southwest corner of San Francisco, California, United States, next to the San Francisco Zoo at Sloat Boulevard and the Great Highway. Upon its completion in 1925, it was one of the largest heated outdoor swimming pools in the world; it remained open for more than four decades until its closure in 1971. It was eventually demolished in 2000.
"Kostiantyn Mykolaiovych ""Konstantin"" Simchuk is a former Ukrainian professional ice hockey goaltender. He was named best goaltender at the B Pool of the 1994 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships held in Bucharest, Romania. Now retired from his professional career, he focuses on coaching."
Isidore De Loor, also known by his religious name Isidore of Saint Joseph, was a Belgian professed religious from the Passionists. He served in various capacities at the convents that he served like being a janitor or a cook for his fellow religious though his cancer never limited his work for others.
Courtenay is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Kazuhiko Masada is a Japanese professional wrestler, mostly known for his ring name Mazada. He is one of the founding members of the renowned stable Tokyo Gurentai along with Nosawa Rongai and Kikuzawa.
USS S-16 (SS-121) was a second-group S-class submarine of the United States Navy. Her keel was laid down on 19 March 1918 by the Lake Torpedo Boat Company in Bridgeport, Connecticut. She was launched on 23 December 1919 sponsored by Mrs. Archibald W. McNeil, and commissioned on 17 December 1920, Lieutenant Commander Andrew C. Bennett in command.
Sailing/Yachting is an Olympic sport starting from the Games of the 1st Olympiad. With the exception of 1904 and the canceled 1916 Summer Olympics, sailing has always been included on the Olympic schedule.
Tura is a town in Pest County, Hungary. In 2001 Tura became a city.
The IX Troop Carrier Command was a United States Army Air Forces unit. Its last assignment was with the Ninth Air Force, based at Greenville Army Air Base, South Carolina. It was inactivated on 31 March 1946. As a component command of the Ninth Air Force, based in the United Kingdom.
Garavi Sokak is a Serbian folk rock/pop band from Novi Sad.
Ku Hye-sun is a South Korean actress, singer-songwriter, director and artist. She gained widespread recognition in the television dramas Pure in Heart, The King And I, Boys Over Flowers, Take Care of Us, Captain, Angel Eyes and Blood.
Turnow-Preilack is a municipality in the district of Spree-Neiße, in Brandenburg, Germany.
"Kang Hee-gun, better known by his stage name Gary, is a South Korean rapper, songwriter, record producer, entrepreneur, and television personality. Besides being a solo artist, he is also the rapper and lyricist of the former hip hop duo Leessang. Since their formation in 2002, the group has produced a total of eight albums and had several hits under their belt. In 2014, Gary made his debut as a solo artist with the mini-album Mr.Gae. Despite the album being banned by all major TV broadcast stations for its 19+ content, his songs still managed to top several charts. He and long time collaborator Jung-in later went on to form the duo, Jung In & Gary. The two released the singles ""Your Scent"" and ""Bicycle.""
John Patrick Coughlin was an American pair skater. With Caydee Denney, he was the 2012 Four Continents silver medalist and 2012 U.S. national champion. With previous partner Caitlin Yankowskas, he was the 2011 U.S. champion.
"Manitou is a 62-foot-long performance cruising yacht designed and built for racing on the Great Lakes and specifically to win the Chicago-Mackinac Race. It notably served as a presidential yacht for United States president John F. Kennedy and was known as the ""Floating White House."" Manitou was built in 1937 at the M. M. Davis & Son shipyard in Solomons Island, Maryland. It was Design No. 99 of naval architects Sparkman & Stephens, who built many America's Cup racing yachts.
Sherman Oaks Center for Enriched Studies is a magnet public school in the San Fernando Valley, Los Angeles, California, United States.
Peyrusse-Massas is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Brian Demond Waters is a former American football guard. He was signed by the Dallas Cowboys as an undrafted free agent in 1999 out of the University of North Texas. He played most of his career for the Kansas City Chiefs, and also played for the New England Patriots. He earned six Pro Bowl selections during his career.
Miami Beach is a coastal resort city in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. It was incorporated on March 26, 1915. The municipality is located on natural and man-made barrier islands between the Atlantic Ocean and Biscayne Bay, the latter of which separates the Beach from the mainland city of Miami. The neighborhood of South Beach, comprising the southernmost 2.5 square miles of Miami Beach, along with downtown Miami and the Port of Miami, collectively form the commercial center of South Florida. Miami Beach's estimated population is 88,885 according to the most recent United States census estimates. Miami Beach is the 26th largest city in Florida based on official 2019 estimates from the US Census Bureau. It has been one of America's pre-eminent beach resorts since the early 20th century.
Richard Elihu Sloan was an American jurist and politician, who served as Associate Justice of the Arizona Territorial Supreme Court, a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Arizona and as the 17th and final Governor of Arizona Territory. As an Associate Justice he served for 16 years, the longest service of any member of the Arizona Territorial Supreme Court, and wrote over 150 legal opinions. As Governor he oversaw Arizona's transition from territory to statehood.
Chemokine ligand 3 also known as macrophage inflammatory protein 1-alpha is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CCL gene.
Teltow station is located in the town of Teltow on the Anhalt Railway south of Berlin and was opened in 1901. Since then, the station has been repeatedly remodelled. The station served regional passenger and freight traffic and was the terminus of a Berlin S-Bahn service from 1950 to 1961. The direct connection to Berlin was lost with the construction of the Berlin Wall in 1961. It was restored in 2006.
Rhamnoneuron balansae is a small tree belonging to the family Thymelaeaceae. It is native to southeastern Yunnan and northern Vietnam. In Bac Ninh province, its bast is harvested to make dó paper.
Maineville is a village in Warren County, Ohio, United States. The population was 975 at the 2010 census.
The Patan Buddhist caves are recently discovered rock-cut caves, near Patan, Maharashtra, in the district of Satara. Eleven caves were discovered altogether, spread in four different areas of Patan, in Tamkane, Yerphal, Yeradvadi and Digevadi.
The Soltani Mosque of Borujerd is a large mosque in the centre of Borujerd, in the province of Lorestan, western Iran.
Roman Maksimovich Miroshnichenko is a Ukrainian-born Russian multi-award winning jazz fusion guitarist, composer, and record producer. He has received numerous accolades, including four The Independent Music Awards, 1st Prize of the USA Songwriting Competition and 1st Prize of the International Acoustic Music Awards.
"The Louwman Museum is a museum for historic cars, coaches, and motorcycles in The Hague, Netherlands. It is situated on the Leidsestraatweg near the A44 highway. The museum's former names are ""Nationaal Automobiel Museum"" and ""Louwman Collection""."
Tomasz apiski is a retired Polish football player.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, or simply the Chancellor, is a high ranking Minister of the Crown within the Government of the United Kingdom, and head of Her Majesty's Treasury. As one of the four Great Offices of State, the Chancellor is a senior member of the British Cabinet.
Creede is a statutory town that is the county seat of Mineral County, Colorado, United States. The town population was 290 at the 2010 United States Census.
"Cey Adams is a visual artist, graphic designer and author. He was the founding creative director of Def Jam Recordings and is known for his work with Beastie Boys, Public Enemy, LL Cool J, Jay-Z, and Mary J. Blige. He has been described as ""legendary"" for his work in hip-hop graphic design."
Wielogowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chemiec, within Nowy Scz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres north of Chemiec, 7 km north of Nowy Scz, and 69 km south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
Stannum is a small tin mining village on the Northern Tablelands, in the New England region of New South Wales, Australia. The region is in Tenterfield Shire. It is 14 kilometres north north-west of Deepwater and south-west of Tenterfield and 48 kilometres from Glen Innes. It is situated on a plateau known as the Mole Tableland in close proximity to the Queensland border on the Northern Tablelands. Another tin mining village, Torrington lies 13 kilometres to the west.
Katarzyna Kawa is a Polish professional tennis player. Her highest WTA singles ranking is 128, which she reached on 29 July 2019 following her first career WTA final at the Baltic Open. She has also won seven singles and 13 doubles titles on the ITF circuit.
Keith Francis Keane is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder. He is a former academy player who graduated from the youth ranks at Luton Town. A versatile footballer, Keane played in every position for Luton other than in goal or as a striker, and played for the club across four different divisions.
Ernest Herbert Pitcher VC, DSM was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.
Czesaw Kozon is the Roman Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Copenhagen.
Kaigal-ool Kim-oolovich Khovalyg is a Tuvan throat singer and co-founder of the Tuvan music group Huun-Huur-Tu.
"San Francisco City Clinic also known as SF City Clinic or usually as City Clinic is a municipal public sexual health clinic specializing in sexually transmitted infections testing and sexually transmitted disease treatment, in addition to advocacy work and medical research. The center is located in the South of Market or ""SoMa"" district on the north-east side of San Francisco, California along San Francisco Bay."
Alameda de Osuna is a station on Line 5 of the Madrid Metro. It is located in fare Zone A.
Bangladesh Railway Class 2400 is a class of meter-gauge diesel-electric locomotive in Bangladesh, operated by Bangladesh Railway.
The La Barre Monument is a secular monument in Abbeville, France. It lies near the railway station, next to the canal aqueduct over the River Somme.
Admiral of the Fleet George Byng, 1st Viscount Torrington, KB, PC of Southill Park in Bedfordshire, was a Royal Navy officer and statesman. While still a lieutenant, he delivered a letter from various captains to Prince William of Orange, who had just landed at Torbay, assuring the Prince of the captains' support; the Prince gave Byng a response which ultimately led to the Royal Navy switching allegiance to the Prince and the Glorious Revolution of November 1688.
Highland is an MBTA Commuter Rail station in Boston, Massachusetts. It serves the Needham Line. It is located in the Bellevue Hill section of West Roxbury. It originally opened around 1855 on the Boston and Providence Railroad's West Roxbury Branch. The station has a mini-high platform for handicapped accessibility.
Lech Raczak was a Polish theatre director and theatre practitioner.
Kilbarchan railway station was a railway station serving the village of Kilbarchan, Renfrewshire, Scotland. The station was part of the Dalry and North Johnstone Line on the Glasgow and South Western Railway.
The Basilica of Our Lady of the Mount, more commonly known as Mount Mary Church, is a Roman Catholic Basilica located in Bandra, Mumbai. The feast of the Blessed Virgin Mary is celebrated here on the first Sunday after 8 September, the birthday of the Virgin Mary. The feast is followed by a week-long celebration known locally as the Bandra Fair and is visited by thousands of people. Many pilgrims visit the Basilica of Our Lady of the Mount in order to pray for their mannat to come true.
Robert W. Timberlake is a former American football player who played college football for the University of Michigan Wolverines from 1962 to 1964 and for the New York Giants of the National Football League in 1965.
Kyung Hee University is a private university in South Korea with campuses in Seoul and Suwon. Founded in 1949, it is considered one of the best universities in South Korea. Kyung Hee University is part of the Kyung Hee University System, which offers comprehensive education from kindergarten through graduate school.
As a continuation of the existing warehouses in the center of Amsterdam, around 1900 several new warehouses were built near the IJ bay. Most of these warehouses were converted into apartments at the end of 20th century.
Benjamin C. Moore Mill is a historic flour mill, waterworks, and city hall building located at Lockport in Niagara County, New York. It is a stone structure built in 1859–60, as a flour mill for the Benjamin C. Moore Company. In 1864, Dwight Keep constructed this stone structure that was originally the Benjamin Moore Company Mill. Around 1884, it was converted from a flour mill, to one of the first water pumping plants in America. Within the basement of the Moore building, two of Birdsill Holly's pumps were installed, one pushing 3 million gallons of water and the other pushing 5 million, each utilizing the waterpower from the Mill Race. In 1893, the rear addition was constructed and the building was converted for use as city hall for the City of Lockport and was used as city hall until 1974, when the new city hall opened.
The Philadelphia campaign was a British initiative in the American Revolutionary War to gain control of Philadelphia, which was then the seat of the Second Continental Congress. British General William Howe, after unsuccessfully attempting to draw the Continental Army under General George Washington into a battle in northern New Jersey, embarked his army on transports, and landed them at the northern end of Chesapeake Bay. From there, he advanced northward toward Philadelphia. Washington prepared defenses against Howe's movements at Brandywine Creek, but was flanked and beaten back in the Battle of Brandywine on September 11, 1777. After further skirmishes and maneuvers, Howe was able to enter and occupy Philadelphia. Washington then unsuccessfully attacked one of Howe's garrisons at Germantown before retreating to Valley Forge for the winter.
Ritzerau is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Mullacor at 661 metres, is the 141th–highest peak in Ireland on the Arderin scale, and the 172nd–highest peak on the Vandeleur-Lynam scale. Mullacor is situated in the southern sector of the Wicklow Mountains range, and forms a broad horseshoe around the Upper Lake of the Glendalough valley with the mountains of Lugduff 652 metres, Conavalla 734 metres, the hydroelectric station at Turlough Hill 681 metres, and Camaderry 699 metres. Mullacor's western flank forms the step sides of the neighbouring Glenmalure valley. To the east of Mullacor is Cullentragh Mountain 510 metres.
Squaw Valley Ski Resort in Olympic Valley, California, is the second-largest skiing complex in the Lake Tahoe area after Heavenly Mountain Resort. Squaw Valley covers 3,600 acres employing 30 chairlifts and the only funitel in the U.S.
The Javan rhinoceros, also known as the Sunda rhinoceros or lesser one-horned rhinoceros, is a very rare member of the family Rhinocerotidae and one of five extant rhinoceroses. It belongs to the same genus as the Indian rhinoceros, and has similar mosaic, armour-like skin, but at 3.1–3.2 m in length and 1.4–1.7 m in height, it is smaller. Its horn is usually shorter than 25 cm, and is smaller than those of the other rhino species. Only adult males have horns; females lack them altogether.
Robert Ayers is a former American football defensive end that played 10 years in the NFL. He played college football at Tennessee and was drafted by the Denver Broncos in the first round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He has also played for the New York Giants and Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Andrew Kirkaldy was a Scottish professional golfer who played during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. He was a frequent competitor in the Open Championship, finishing in the top-10 on 14 occasions. His best finish came in 1889 when he was second. He tied for first place in the event but lost a playoff to Willie Park Jr.
The Young Bull or The Bull is an oil painting of a bull by Paulus Potter. It is in the collection of the Mauritshuis in The Hague in the Netherlands.
Bala Hijam is an Indian film actress, who predominantly appears in Manipur films. Besides this, she has also acted in one Malayalam thriller road film, titled Neelakasham Pachakadal Chuvanna Bhoomi. She is recognized as one of the most successful actresses of Manipur. She married Ningthoujam Dinesh Singh of Lilong Chajing on 18 March 2020.
In molecular biology, the frataxin-like domain is a protein domain found in proteins including eukaryotic frataxin and bacterial CyaY.
The Siege of Roses began on 28 November 1794 and lasted until 4 February 1795 when the Spanish garrison abandoned the port and the forces of the First French Republic took control. Dominique Catherine de Pérignon commanded the French army and Domingo Salvator Izquierdo led the Spanish defenders. The siege took place during the War of the Pyrenees which was part of the French Revolutionary Wars. The war ended in July 1795 and Roses was soon restored to Spain. Roses is a coastal city in northeastern Spain, located 43 kilometres northeast of Girona, Catalonia.
The Duge Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge on the border between the provinces of Guizhou and Yunnan. As of 2016, the bridge is the highest in the world with the road deck sitting over 565 metres above the Beipan River. The bridge is part of the G56 Hangzhou–Ruili Expressway between Qujing and Liupanshui. The eastern tower measures 269 m making it one of the tallest in the world.
Ann-Margaret Carrozza is an American lawyer and politician from New York, who was a member of the New York State Assembly from 1997 to 2010.
The 1874 Harvard vs. McGill football game was a two-game series between the Harvard Crimson and the McGill Redmen held in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on May 14 and 15, 1874.
Liuhua Park Station is a metro station in Dongguan, China. It opened on 27 May 2016.
The Colony is a city in Denton County, Texas, United States, and a suburb of Dallas. The population was 36,328 at the 2010 census.
"The Southern Oregon AVA, is an American Viticultural Area which lies in Southern Oregon, United States. The Southern Oregon AVA was established in 2004, and was created to include the land of two smaller AVAs, the Rogue Valley AVA and the Umpqua Valley AVA. Southern Oregon AVA was established to allow the two principal winegrowing regions in the southern part of the state to market themselves jointly. This creation of a ""super-AVA"" is a departure from the trend in the Willamette Valley AVA or northern Oregon of establishing smaller AVAs specific to a particular locale's climate or soil conditions."
Io was, in Greek mythology, one of the mortal lovers of Zeus. An Argive princess, she was an ancestor of many kings and heroes such as Perseus, Cadmus, Heracles, Minos, Lynceus, Cepheus, and Danaus. The astronomer Simon Marius named a moon of Jupiter after Io in 1614.
The Islamabad Marriott Hotel bombing occurred on the night of 20 September 2008, when a dump truck filled with explosives was detonated in front of the Marriott Hotel in the Pakistani capital Islamabad, killing at least 54 people, injuring at least 266 and leaving a 60 ft wide, 20 ft deep crater outside the hotel. The majority of the casualties were Pakistanis; at least five foreign nationals were also killed and fifteen others reported injured. The attack occurred only hours after President Asif Ali Zardari made his first speech to the Pakistani parliament.
Some Bride is a 1919 American silent comedy film directed by Henry Otto and produced and distributed by Metro Pictures. It stars Viola Dana.
Pseudoprumna baldensis is a monotypic species of grasshopper in the subfamily Melanoplinae and tribe Podismini.
Johan Gottlieb Gahn was a Swedish chemist and metallurgist who discovered manganese in 1774.
"The Derveni papyrus is an ancient Macedonian papyrus roll that was found in 1962. It is a philosophical treatise that is an allegorical commentary on an Orphic poem, a theogony concerning the birth of the gods, produced in the circle of the philosopher Anaxagoras. It was composed near the end of the 5th century BC, and ""in the fields of Greek religion, the sophistic movement, early philosophy, and the origins of literary criticism it is unquestionably the most important textual discovery of the 20th century."" The roll itself dates to around 340 BC, during the reign of Philip II of Macedon, making it Europe's oldest surviving manuscript. While interim editions and translations were published over the subsequent years, the manuscript as a whole was finally published in 2006."
Ruby Myers, better known by her stage name Sulochana, was an Indian silent film actress of Jewish ancestry, hailing from the community of Baghdadi Jews in India.
Perry Township is one of nine townships in Lawrence County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,259 and it contained 943 housing units.
Joshua Colton Owens is an American professional basketball player for Bahçeehir Koleji of the Turkish Basketball Super League. He played college basketball for Stanford University before playing professionally in the NBA G League, Israel, Italy, Greece and Turkey.
Tamon Yamaguchi was a rear admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy who served during the Second Sino-Japanese War, and in the Pacific War during World War II. Yamaguchis carrier force was part of the attack on Pearl Harbor. He subsequently participated in the Battle of Midway, where he was killed in action, choosing to go down with the aircraft carrier Hiry when it was scuttled after being crippled by aircraft from USS Enterprise.
Mario Toral Muñoz is a Chilean painter and photographer.
Velenice is a village and municipality in eská Lípa District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
The Grovabreen glacier is located in Vestland county, Norway. It covers an area of about 20 square kilometres in Sunnfjord Municipality in the Sunnfjord region. The highest point on the glacier sits at an elevation of 1,636 metres above sea level. The glacier is part of Jostedalsbreen National Park, just south of the lake Jølstravatnet. The village of Skei lies about 8 kilometres north of the glacier and the village of Haukedalen lies about 9 kilometres southwest of the glacier. The Jostefonn glacier lies about 5 kilometres to the south of this glacier; both are located at the north end of the Gaularfjellet mountains.
The Nattai River, a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Southern Highlands region of New South Wales, Australia.
The Imperial Stock Ranch Headquarters Complex is a historic district near Shaniko in Wasco County, Oregon, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"Alberto Jesús ""Hijitus"" Gómez Franzutti is a retired Argentine football player."
Erie Lackawanna Trail is a rail trail in located in Lake County, Indiana which runs along the former Erie Lackawanna Railway. The trail begins in the city of Hammond then passes through the towns of Highland, Griffith, Schererville, and Merrillville before coming to an end in the county seat Crown Point. It covers a total of 17.7 miles.
Tripe chorba is a chorba made with tripe. It is widely considered to be a hangover remedy.
Pikachu is a yellow mouse Pokémon from the fictional Pokémon world that was created by Satoshi Tajiri. It is 0.4 m tall and it weighs 6.0 kg. The skin color is yellow with brown markings covering the lower portion of its back. Female Pikachu has a heart-shaped tail. It can attack using electricity which comes from two red pouches on its cheeks. It can evolve into Raichu, which is bigger and stronger. A minuscule and frail Pokémon called Pichu can evolve into Pikachu. Pikachu appears in most Pokémon games in some way.
Jianshan Temple, is a buddhist temple located in Yangshuo County, Guilin, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, in the People's Republic of China. It includes the shanmen, Mahavira Hall, Meditation Room, Dining Room, etc. The temple has a building area of about 5,589-square-metre and covers an area of 14,333.3-metre.
Old Speck Mountain, also known as Old Speckle Mountain, is a mountain located in Oxford County, Maine, United States. The mountain, the fourth-highest in the state, is the northeasternmost and highest of the Mahoosuc Range, the northeasternmost part of the White Mountains. Old Speck is flanked to the southwest by Mahoosuc Arm, and faces Baldpate Mountain to the northeast across Grafton Notch.
Robert Alexander Childress is the head baseball coach of the Texas A&M Aggies baseball team. Before coming to Texas A&M for the 2006 season, he served as an associate head coach and pitching coach for the Nebraska Cornhuskers. He attended Harmony High School in Northeast Texas.
Furna is a Swiss village in the Prättigau and a municipality in the political district Prättigau/Davos Region in the canton of Graubünden.
The Penny Ice Cap, formerly Penny Ice Cap, is a 6,000 km² ice cap in Auyuittuq National Park of Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada. It forms a 2,000 m high barrier on the Cumberland Peninsula, an area of deep fjords and glaciated valleys. It is a remnant of the last ice age. During the mid-1990s, Canadian researchers studied the glacier's patterns of freezing and thawing over centuries by drilling ice core samples.
Blakeley is a ghost town in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States. During the height of its existence, Blakeley was a thriving town which flourished as a competitor to its western neighbor, Mobile. Blakeley was the county seat for Baldwin County from 1820 until 1868, when the county government was moved south to Daphne.
Neocyttus is a genus of oreos.
Matsukawaura Prefectural Natural Park is a Prefectural Natural Park in Sma, Fukushima Prefecture, Japan. The park was established in 1951. Matsukawa Bay is celebrated for its nori and saltwater clams and in 1927 was selected as one of the 100 Famous Views of Japan.
Vaidas epukaitis is a professional Lithuanian basketball player. He primarily plays the center and power forward positions.
Saint-Jules is a parish municipality in the Robert-Cliche Regional County Municipality in the Chaudière-Appalaches region of Quebec, Canada. Its population was 573 as of the Canada 2011 Census. It is named after Pope Julius I.
The SM-65E Atlas, or Atlas-E, was an operational variant of the Atlas missile. It first flew on 11 October 1960, and was deployed as an operational ICBM from September 1961 until April 1966. Following retirement as an ICBM, the Atlas-E, along with the Atlas-F, was refurbished for orbital launches as the Atlas E/F.
The sooty tern is a seabird in the family Laridae. It is a bird of the tropical oceans which sleeps on the wing, returning to land only for breeding- on islands throughout the equatorial zone.
Ameyugo is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census, the municipality has a population of 95 inhabitants.
Ujov is a village and municipality in Žár nad Sázavou District in the Vysoina Region of the Czech Republic.
Malda Town railway station is a railway station on the Howrah-New Jalpaiguri line under Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It serves the city of Malda in the Indian state of West Bengal. It is one of the largest as well as busiest railway stations of Eastern India.Indian railways upgrade this station with modern facilities.
Krista Elyse Hidalgo Sullivan, better known by her stage name Bela Padilla, is a Filipina actress, film producer, screenwriter, occasional host, and model.
Philomena Begley is an Irish country music singer from Northern Ireland. Today, Begley is affectionately known as 'The Queen of Country'.
Johanna Louise Spyri was a Swiss-born author of novels, notably children's stories, and is best known for her book Heidi. Born in Hirzel, a rural area in the canton of Zurich, Switzerland, as a child she spent several summers near Chur in Graubünden, the setting she later would use in her novels.
The Tyrrell 019 was a 1990 Formula One racing car, designed by a team led by Harvey Postlethwaite, and built by Tyrrell. It was an evolution of Postlethwaite's first design for Tyrrell, the Tyrrell 018.
The 1928 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the IX Olympiad, were held at Amsterdam in the Netherlands.
Cheznovice is a village and municipality in Rokycany District in the Plze Region of the Czech Republic.
"Bertha Muzzy Sinclair or Sinclair-Cowan, née Muzzy, best known by her pseudonym B. M. Bower, was an American author who wrote novels, fictional short stories, and screenplays about the American Old West. Her works, featuring cowboys and cows of the Flying U Ranch in Montana, reflected ""an interest in ranch life, the use of working cowboys as main characters, the occasional appearance of eastern types for the sake of contrast, a sense of western geography as simultaneously harsh and grand, and a good deal of factual attention to such matters as cattle branding and bronc busting."" She was married three times: to Clayton Bower in 1890, to Bertrand William Sinclair in 1905, and to Robert Elsworth Cowan in 1921. However, she chose to publish under the name Bower."
North Little Rock is a city in Pulaski County, Arkansas, United States, across the Arkansas River from Little Rock in the central part of the state. The population was 62,304 at the 2010 census. In 2019 the estimated population was 65,903, making it the seventh-most populous city in the state. North Little Rock, along with Little Rock and Conway, anchors the six-county Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is further included in the Little Rock-North Little Rock Combined Statistical Area with 902,443 residents.
Thelymitra macrophylla, commonly called the large-leafed sun orchid or scented sun orchid, is a species of orchid in the family Orchidaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It has a single thick, broad, leathery leaf and up to twenty five relatively large dark blue to purplish flowers with white, toothbrush-like tufts.
Dame Kathleen Mary Ollerenshaw, née Timpson, DBE was a British mathematician and politician. She was Lord Mayor of Manchester from 1975 to 1976 and an advisor on educational matters to Margaret Thatcher's government in the 1980s.
Kajol Devgn, better known as Kajol is an Indian actress who appearing in Bollywood and Tamil movies. She has received six Filmfare Awards. In 2011, she was awarded the Padma Shri, India's fourth-highest civilian award by the Government of India.
Willem van der Zaan was a Dutch Admiral. His name is often given in the 17th century spelling Zaen.
Hurezani is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Busuioci, Hurezani, Pegeni, Plopu and Totea de Hurezani.
"Manuel ""El Loco"" Valdés was a Mexican actor and comedian. He was member of the Valdés family. He was the brother of Ramón Valdés, from the sitcom ""El Chavo"", and Germán Valdés.
Pachymerium ferrugineum is a species of centipede in the family Geophilidae that can be found in Central Europe, the Iberian Peninsula, Scandinavia, Asian countries such as Japan and Turkey, and on African islands such as the Azores, Canary Islands and Crete. It is also distributed in Alaska and Mexico.
City Without Baseball is a 2008 Hong Kong drama film starring Ron Heung and other members of the Hong Kong National Baseball Team. It is directed by South African-born Hong Kong filmmaker Lawrence Ah Mon, about a city where baseball is almost unknown, and where the team plays to empty stadia. It explores several themes traditionally regarded as 'taboo' in Hong Kong society, in an unusually open, convention-defying way, and features full-frontal male nudity in several scenes. It is the first of seven such films by Scud. The six later films are: Permanent Residence in 2009, Amphetamine in 2010, Love Actually... Sucks! in 2011, Voyage in 2013, Utopians in 2015 and Thirty Years of Adonis in 2017. His eighth film, Naked Nation, is currently in production.
Joshua J. Moore is a former American football cornerback. He was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the fifth round of the 2010 NFL Draft. He played college football for Kansas State University.
Adriana of Nassau-Dillenburg was a daughter of Count John IV of Nassau-Dillenburg and his wife Maria of Loon-Heinsberg.
Wochy is one of the districts of Warsaw, located in the south-western part of city. Wochy borders districts Bemowo and Wola from the north, Ochota and Mokotów from the east, and Ursus and Ursynów from the south.
The Fokker S.III was a biplane trainer aircraft of the 1920s. It was of conventional configuration, seating the pilot and instructor in tandem, open cockpits. The single-baywings were staggered and of unequal span.
The night shark is a species of requiem shark, in the family Carcharhinidae, found in the temperate and tropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean. An inhabitant of the outer continental shelf and upper continental slope, this shark most commonly occurs at depths of 50–600 m and conducts a diel vertical migration, spending the day in deeper water and moving into shallower waters at night. Off northeastern Brazil, large numbers congregate around seamounts of varying depths. A slender, streamlined species, the night shark typically reaches a length of 2 m. It can be identified by its long, pointed snout and large, green eyes, and is dark grayish blue or brown above and white below.
Ebara-Nakanobu Station is a station in southeast Tokyo, Japan. There is Nakanobu Station on the other end of Nakanobu Skip Road.
José Hipólito Unanue y Pavón was a physician, naturalist, meteorologist, cosmographer, the first Minister of Finance of Peru, Minister of Foreign affairs, Protomédico, university professor, founder of the San Fernando Medical School, representative of Arequipa in the Cortes of Cádiz, President of the Junta de Gobierno, Protector of the province of Arequipa, independence precursor and a Peruvian politician, active in politics in the early years after independence. He served as the President of the Congress from 1822 to 1823.
Marmiroi church is a church near Pashaliman, Vlorë County, Albania. It is a Cultural Monument of Albania.
Koniusza is a village in Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Koniusza. It lies approximately 5 kilometres west of Proszowice and 27 km north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
196 Philomela is a large and bright main-belt asteroid. It is an S-type asteroid.
Dry Ridge is a home rural-class city in Grant County, Kentucky, in the United States. The population was 2,191 at the 2010 census, up from 1,995 at the 2000 census. From around 1910 to 1960, the city's economy was dominated by business related to its mineral water wells, which were supposed to have healing properties.
Williamsfield Township is one of the twenty-seven townships of Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 1,645 people in the township.
John Michelosen was an American football player and coach. He served as the head coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League from 1948 to 1951, compiling a record of 20–26–2. From 1955 to 1965 he was the head football coach at his alma mater, the University of Pittsburgh, tallying a mark of 56–49–7.
Takahiro Saeki is a former Nippon Professional Baseball infielder.
2011 MD is a bright micro-asteroid, classified as near-Earth object of the Apollo and Amor group, respectively. On 27 June 2011, at around 17:00 UTC, the object passed exceptionally close to Earth's surface at a distance of approximately 12,000 kilometers, roughly the diameter of the Earth.
Athanasius III Patellarios was the Patriarch of Constantinople in 1634, 1635 and 1652. Before his patriarchate Athanasius was metropolitan of Thessaloniki. He participated at Patriarch Nikon's book editing reforms in 1653.
René Paulus was a French swimmer. He competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics in the 100 m backstroke event, but failed to reach the final.
The Atlantic Forest is a South American forest that extends along the Atlantic coast of Brazil from Rio Grande do Norte state in the north to Rio Grande do Sul state in the south, and inland as far as Paraguay and the Misiones Province of Argentina, where the region is known as Selva Misionera.
Burt Neuborne is the Norman Dorsen Professor of Civil Liberties at New York University School of Law and the founding legal director of the Brennan Center for Justice.
PackageKit is a free and open-source suite of software applications designed to provide a consistent and high-level front end for a number of different package management systems. PackageKit was created by Richard Hughes in 2007, and first introduced into an operating system as a default application in May 2008 with the release of Fedora 9.
The Corn Islands are two islands about 70 kilometres east of the Caribbean coast of Nicaragua, constituting one of 12 municipalities of the South Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region. The official name of the municipality is Corn Island.
Vilafranca is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Maestrat, Castellón, Valencia, Spain. Its official Castilian name is Villafranca del Cid.
Kunduz also known as Kundûz, Qonduz, Qondûz, Konduz, Kondûz, Kondoz, or Qhunduz is a city in northern Afghanistan. It is the capital of Kunduz Province. It is linked by highways with Mazari Sharif to the west, Kabul to the south and Tajikistan's border to the north. There are about 250,000 living in the city.
Mares Forest National Park is a protected area of 25.59 square kilometres, situated in the Southern Tablelands region of New South Wales. The nearest large town is Goulburn.
The Flame is a 1920 British silent romance film directed by Floyd Martin Thornton and starring Evelyn Boucher, Reginald Fox and Dora De Winton. It was based on a novel by Olive Wadsley.
Svane Apotek, which existed from 166+ to 1994, was one of the first pharmacies to open in Copenhagen, Denmark. It was in 1849 acquired by Alfred Nicolai Bentzon and was owned by the Benzon family until 1967. Its former building. a five-storey, Functionalist property located at the corner of Østergade and Ny Østergade, was listed on the Danish registry of protected buildings and places by the Danish Heritage Agency in 1992.
Saint-Agnan is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Moincêr, Mencixiang, Menshi or Menze is a village in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China. It is located along Route G219, close to the Tirthapuri Monastery in the Ngari Region of Western Tibet. The village is located south-west of Mount Kailash.
Odd Fellows Hall is a historic Odd Fellows hall located at Alexandria, Virginia. It is a 2 1/2-story, brick building. It was built in 1864 as a one-story building, and expanded to its present size in 1870. African-American orders like the black Odd Fellows allowed blacks to socialize and put their skills to good use. In 1870, black builder and politician George Seaton was hired to build the Odd Fellows meeting hall in Alexandria, Virginia. For decades the building was used to house the group and many of the social gatherings of the African-American community. In the 1980s the building was converted into condominiums. It is a three-story brick building with decorative detailing and a slate mansard roof. The hall is currently a residential building.
The golden-collared woodpecker is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in northern Brazil, the Guianas, Venezuela and far eastern Colombia.
Uutela is a nature park in Vuosaari, Helsinki, Finland. It is surrounded by the sea on three sides, and as one of Helsinki's best-preserved nature parks, Uutela attracts visitors from all over the Helsinki capital area. You can get there by taking the subway to Vuosaari and then either walk or take the bus 90K. Uutela has a small idyllic marina where people keep their boats, right next to which is cafe Kampela which offers traditional pancakes and salmon soup. This area is known for hikers and outdoor people because of its landscape and vegetation.
Narva College of the University of Tartu is a college of the University of Tartu. It was founded in 1999 in the city of Narva, Estonia.
The Seascape Beach Resort is a resort and timeshare property located in Aptos, California in the United States.
Papilio delalandei is a butterfly of the family Papilionidae. It is endemic to Madagascar.
The Volvo B10L was a rear-engined, low-floor single-decker public bus chassis built by Volvo between c. 1993 and c. 2005. An articulated version of the B10L, known as the B10LA, was also produced.
George Brinton McClellan Harvey was an American diplomat, journalist, author, street railway magnate, and editor of several magazines. He used his great wealth in politics. He was an early promoter of Woodrow Wilson, but they became bitter enemies. Harvey was a conservative who wanted Washington to protect big business and harass labor unions. He repudiated Wilson when he saw Wilson oppose political machines and threaten big business in the style of progressive era reformers.
Proverb 31 is the 31st chapter of the Book of Proverbs in the Hebrew Bible or the Old Testament of the Christian Bible. It is presented as advice which Lemuel's mother gave to him, about how a just king should reign, and in the second part detailing the attributes of a good wife or ideal woman.
Gmina Ek is a rural gmina in Ek County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. Its seat is the town of Ek, although the town is not part of the territory of the gmina.
Pfaffenschlag bei Waidhofen is a municipality in the district of Waidhofen an der Thaya in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.
The Electric Ballroom is a 1,500 capacity performance venue and indoor market located at 184 Camden High Street in Camden Town, London, England.
Catherine Gabriel is a French handballer for Paris 92 and the French national team.
The Port of Akita is a seaport on the Sea of Japan coast of Akita Prefecture, to the west of the city center of Akita in the Thoku region of northern Honsh, Japan. It is classified as a Major Port by the Japanese government. The port has a total land area of 662.5 hectares.
Dom Henrique, Duke of Coimbra was an Infante of Portugal, as the youngest son of Duarte Nuno, Duke of Braganza, Head of the Portuguese Royal Family. His brother, Duarte Pio, Duke of Braganza, is the current head of the royal family.
USS Wadsworth (DD-516), a Fletcher-class destroyer, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for Commodore Alexander S. Wadsworth. The ship was commissioned in 1943 during World War II. After seeing extensive action during the war, the ship was placed in reserve following it. In 1959 the destroyer was loaned to the West German Navy and renamed Zerstörer 3. She remained a part of the West German Navy until 1980 when the destroyer was transferred to the Hellenic Navy and renamed Nearchos. Nearchos was active until 1991 when she was sold for scrap.
"The Armed Forces Reserve Command of Ministry of National Defense, is a division of the original ""Reserve Command"" adapted for the headquarters patterns, task planning and execution mobilization, management, service, civil defence, the establishment of the reserve potential. Provide each combat zone to carry out the first line of coastal defence and wartime operational areas required depth Reserve forces, and sustained implementation of the military mobilization, the use of the National defence mobilization mechanism, binding force after preparing to support ground operations, maintenance, Homeland Defence and Security Than in the past because of the number of troops, the reserve headquarters is now the main business is intensive recruitment, education convened training reserve forces, to defend the strategic implications of effective reserve."
This is a list of Saskatchewan's highways:
Madeline Island Museum is a museum owned and operated by the Wisconsin Historical Society. Opened on June 15, 1958, the museum is in the town of La Pointe, Wisconsin on Madeline Island, one of the Apostle Islands in Lake Superior. Madeline Island Museum was developed on the former site of the American Fur Company Northern Outfit, and its main building once served as an American Fur Company warehouse. The museum can be reached by boat or by the Madeline Island Ferry.
Cameron is a city in Milam County, Texas, United States. The population was 5,770 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Milam County.
Morton Hospital is a medical complex located on 88 Washington Street near Route 140 and Route 138 in Taunton, Massachusetts, USA. The facility serves the Greater Taunton Area and is equipped with its own heliport for medical emergency flights. Also, it owns a small rehabilitation facility down the street at Mill River Plaza.
The Fender Swinger was a short-lived electric guitar model released by Fender in 1969, with few made. The Swinger was an attempt by CBS to extract cash from inventory by combining unused bodies from the failed Fender Bass V with parts from the Fender Musicmaster. Another use of surplus stock was the Fender Custom. The Swinger was marketed as another cheaper, short-scale 'student' guitar, but never seriously promoted, with resulting low popularity.
Volga State University of Technology, previously known as MarSTU, is the first technical, and one of the first institutions of higher education in the republic of Mari El.
Phong in is a rural district of Cn Th in the Mekong Delta region of Vietnam. As of 2003, the district had a population of 102,621. As of 2018, the population had risen to 123,126. The district covers an area of 119 km². Phong in was established by Decree No. 05/2004/ND-CP dated January 2, 2004. To the east it borders Ninh Kiu District and Cái Rng District, and to the west it borders Hu Giang Province and Bình Thy District.
Stawell, is an Australian town in the Wimmera region of Victoria 237 kilometres west-north-west of the state capital, Melbourne. Located within the Shire of Northern Grampians local government area, it is a seat of local government for the shire and its main administrative centre. At the 2016 census, Stawell had a population of 6,032.
Oakey railway station is located on the Western line in Queensland, Australia. It serves the town of Oakey. The station has one platform with a passing loop and two sidings, opening in 1868.
"Cody is a city in Northwest Wyoming and the county seat of Park County, Wyoming, United States. It is named after Colonel William Frederick ""Buffalo Bill"" Cody for his part in the founding of Cody in 1896.
Spoy is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.
The 845th Bombardment Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the 489th Bombardment Group. It was assigned to the 489th Bombardment Group, flying Consolidated B-24 Liberators. After training in the United States, it moved to England and engaged in combat until V-E Day. It returned to United States in 1945 and began training with the Boeing B-29 Superfortress, but was inactivated at March Field, California on 17 October 1945.
Victor is a town in Poweshiek and Iowa counties in the U.S. state of Iowa. The population was 893 in the 2010 census, a decline from the population of 952 in 2000.
Cherokee County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of the 2010 census, the population was 46,987. Its county seat is Tahlequah, which is also the capital of the Cherokee Nation.
Bernau bei Berlin is a German city in the Barnim district. The city is located about 10 km northeast of Berlin.
"NGC 71 is an elliptical galaxy located in the constellation Andromeda. It is in the NGC 68 group. The galaxy was discovered by R. J. Mitchell in 1855, and observed in 1865 by Heinrich d'Arrest, who described it as ""extremely faint, very small, round"". The galaxy is about 110,000-130,000 light years across, making it just slightly larger than the Milky Way. The galaxy is the second largest in the NGC 68 group, after spiral galaxy NGC 70."
Zlaté Moravce is a town in south-western Slovakia.
The Venetian Crusade of 1122–24 was an expedition to the Holy Land launched by the Republic of Venice that succeeded in capturing Tyre.
The Armadale Reptile Centre is a zoological garden in Armadale, Western Australia that focuses on herpetology and wildlife endemic to Western Australia.
Anarjohka is a tributary of Tana River. It is about 153 kilometres long, with a drainage area of about 3,152 square kilometres. The mean discharge at the mouth is about 33 cubic metres per second. The lower part of the river runs along the Finnish–Norwegian border. The border continues along Anarjohkas tributary Skiehanjohka, while the upper part of the river lies within the eponymous Øvre Anárjohka national park in Norway.
Volary is a town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 3,800 inhabitants. It is located in the Bohemian Forest, close to the border with Germany.
The Order of the Elephant is a Danish order of chivalry and is Denmark's highest-ranked honour. It has origins in the 15th century, but has officially existed since 1693, and since the establishment of constitutional monarchy in 1849, is now almost exclusively used to honour royalty and heads of state.
"Baroque music is a period or style of Western art music composed from approximately 1600 to 1750. This era followed the Renaissance music era, and was followed in turn by the Classical era, with the galant style marking the transition between Baroque and Classical eras. The Baroque period is divided into three major phases: early, middle, and late. Overlapping in time, they are conventionally dated from 1580 to 1650, from 1630 to 1700, and from 1680 to 1750. Baroque music forms a major portion of the ""classical music"" canon, and is now widely studied, performed, and listened to. The term ""baroque"" comes from the Portuguese word barroco, meaning ""misshapen pearl"". Key composers of the Baroque era include Johann Sebastian Bach, Antonio Vivaldi, George Frideric Handel, Claudio Monteverdi, Domenico Scarlatti, Alessandro Scarlatti, Henry Purcell, Georg Philipp Telemann, Jean-Baptiste Lully, Jean-Philippe Rameau, Marc-Antoine Charpentier, Arcangelo Corelli, François Couperin, Giuseppe Tartini, Heinrich Schütz, Dieterich Buxtehude, and others."
Opuwo is the capital of the Kunene Region in north-western Namibia. The town is situated about 720 km north-northwest from the capital Windhoek, and has a population of 20,000. Opuwo is the capital city of Kunene Region. The town is also the seat of the Regional Government and the commercial hub of the Kunene Region.
Donetsk National Medical University is one of the largest medical universities in Ukraine and the former USSR. The University is considered as one of the best medical schools in Ukraine. Originally located in Donetsk, it was relocated to Kropyvnytskyi, Kramatorsk and Mariupol in 2014 due to the War in Donbass.
The sand tiger shark, grey nurse shark, spotted ragged-tooth shark or blue-nurse sand tiger, is a species of shark that inhabits subtropical and temperate waters worldwide. It inhabits the continental shelf, from sandy shorelines and submerged reefs to a depth of around 191 m. They dwell in the waters of Japan, Australia, South Africa, the Mediterranean and the east coasts of North and South America. Despite its name, it is not related to the tiger shark Galeocerdo cuvier.
Ybbsitz is a town in the district of Amstetten in Lower Austria in Austria.
Carcluie Loch is a small freshwater loch in the South Ayrshire Council Area, lying in a glacial Kettle Hole, Parish of Dalrymple, Scotland.
James Strom Thurmond Sr. was an American military officer and politician who served for 48 years as a United States Senator from South Carolina. He ran for president in 1948 as the Dixiecrat candidate on a States' rights platform supporting racial segregation. He received 2.4% of the popular vote and 39 electoral votes, failing to defeat Harry Truman. Thurmond represented South Carolina in the United States Senate from 1954 until 2003, at first as a Southern Democrat and, after 1964, as a Republican.
Dr. Akanimo Odon is an international business and strategy development expert from Nigeria. He specializes in education and training, energy and environment, oil and gas, media, charities and government. He lives in England, UK and he is the CEO of Envirofly Consulting Limited, Co-founder of Xn Foundation and also the founder of Academia for Green Africa Initiative.
The BSA A10 series was a range of 646 cc air-cooled parallel twin motorcycles designed by Bert Hopwood and produced by Birmingham Small Arms Company at Small Heath, Birmingham from 1950 to 1963. The series was succeeded by the A65 unit construction models.
Villa Luganese is a former municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. Villa Luganese was formerly a municipality of its own, having been incorporated into Lugano in 2008.
"Ich Troje is a Polish pop band. Ich Troje was founded in 1996 by songwriter Micha Winiewski and composer Jacek gwa. Since 2000, Ich Troje has been one of the most successful Polish groups. They have sold more than 1.5 million records since June 2001. Their songs are typically about love, betrayal and break-ups. They represented Poland twice: with ""Keine Grenzen – adnych granic"" in 2003 and ""Follow My Heart"" in 2006."
People's Liberation Army, Nepal was the armed wing of the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist). The PLA was founded in 2002, in the midst of the Nepal Civil War initiated by the Maoists in 1996. The chief commander of the PLA during the war was Prachanda. On September 12, 2008, Nanda Kishor Pun was appointed new chief commander of the PLA, as Prachanda had become Prime Minister of Nepal. This move was in line with a pledge issued by the CPN, issued prior to the 2008 Constituent Assembly election, that their members elected to the Assembly would leave their PLA positions.
The Don Salvio Pacheco Adobe is a historic adobe house in Concord, California. In 1834, Salvio Pacheco was awarded the Rancho Monte del Diablo Mexican land grant, including what is now known as Concord and parts of Pleasant Hill. On June 24, 1835, he completed this two-story adobe, the first building to be erected in Diablo Valley.
Melvyn Richardson is a French handball player for Montpellier Handball and the French national team. He is the son of retired French handball player Jackson Richardson.
The Hardin County Courthouse is one of Ohio's courthouses. Located in Kenton, Ohio, United States, it was completed in 1915 at a cost of $275,000. The building was added to the National Register of Historical Places on March 21, 1979, and a state historical marker was placed on the courthouse lawn in 1996.
Josefa de Tudó y Catalán, 1st Countess of Castillo Fiel, also known as Pepita Tudó was the mistress of Spanish Prime Minister Manuel de Godoy. It has been suggested she was the model for two paintings by Goya, La maja desnuda and La maja vestida.
The Stonewall Jackson and Robert E. Lee Monument, often referred to simply as the Jackson and Lee Monument or Lee and Jackson Monument, was a double equestrian statue of Confederate generals Stonewall Jackson and Robert E. Lee, formerly located on the west side of the Wyman Park Dell in Charles Village in Baltimore, Maryland, alongside a forested hill, similar to the topography of Chancellorsville, Virginia, where Stonewall Jackson and Robert E. Lee met before the Battle of Chancellorsville in 1863. The statue was removed on August 16, 2017, on the order of Baltimore City Council, but the base still remains. The present location of the monument is unknown and some city council members have called for all Confederate monuments in the state to be destroyed.
Kiko, Princess Akishino, Crown Princess of Japan, is the wife of Fumihito, Crown Prince Akishino, the second son of Emperor Emeritus Akihito and Empress Emerita Michiko.
Lyudmila Iosifovna Pinayeva is a retired Soviet sprint canoeist. She competed at the 1964, 1968 and 1972 Olympics and won four medals, with three golds and one bronze. She also won ten medals at the world championships with seven golds and three silvers.
"Youth Code is an American EBM duo, formed in 2012 by Sara Taylor and Ryan George in Los Angeles, California. The duo's musical style, following the model of early Wax Trax! Records, has been described as industrial music infused with ""hardcore angst."" Following their self-released Demonstrational Cassette in 2012 and a chance meeting with Psychic TV, Youth Code were invited to release their first single, ""Keep Falling Apart"", through Angry Love Productions. Since then, they have released two full-length studio albums, an EP, and two additional singles.
Terraville is a ghost town in Lawrence County, South Dakota, United States. It was founded in 1877 as a mining camp and later evolved into a town. It was purchased by the Homestake Mining Company and was destroyed in 1982 to make way for a new mine.
Houbi District is a rural district of about 24,279 residents in Tainan, Taiwan.
USS Leonard F. Mason (DD-852) was a Gearing-class destroyer in the United States Navy, She was named for Private First Class Leonard F. Mason USMC, who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroism during the Battle of Guam.
The hanging parrots are birds in the parrot genus Loriculus. This is a group of small parrots from tropical southern Asia.
Goinvent
Gateshead East and Washington West was a parliamentary constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elected a Member of Parliament by the first past the post electoral system.
The Theban Tomb TT48 is located in El-Khokha, part of the Theban Necropolis, on the west bank of the Nile, opposite to Luxor.
"Trnava is a city in western Slovakia, 47 km to the north-east of Bratislava, on the Trnávka river. It is the capital of a kraj and of an okres. It is the seat of a Roman Catholic archbishopric. The city has a historic center. Because of the many churches within its city walls, Trnava has often been called ""parva Roma"", i.e. ""Little Rome"", or more recently, the ""Slovak Rome""."
The Hilltop Lodge was a historic motel on Central Avenue in Albuquerque, New Mexico, which was notable as one of the best-preserved Route 66 motels remaining in the city. It began as a small three-unit lodging in 1941, and was expanded to 12 units by owner E. H. Stopple in 1946. The property was added to the New Mexico State Register of Cultural Properties in 1997 and the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. The motel was demolished in 2003 after being shut down by the city as a nuisance property. The remainder of the site, including the neon sign, was cleared around 2017 for a realignment of Yucca Drive due to the Albuquerque Rapid Transit project.
The Governor of La Pampa is a citizen of the La Pampa Province, in Argentina, holding the office of governor for the corresponding period. The governor is elected alongside a vice-governor. Currently the governor of La Pampa is Carlos Verna.
The Voivodeship of Serbia and Banat of Temeschwar or Serbian Voivodeship and the Banate of Temes, known simply as the Serbian Voivodeship, was a crownland of the Austrian Empire that existed between 1849 and 1860.
Walls of Jericho is an American metalcore band from Detroit, Michigan, formed in 1998.
Shengang Township is a rural township in Changhua County, Taiwan.
Manila is a city in Mississippi County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 3,342 at the 2010 census. It was the hometown of World War I sniper Herman Davis. A park in the town honors his memory today.
San Luis de Shuaro District is one of six districts of the province Chanchamayo in Peru.
Natalia Yevgenievna Pavlova, née Dongauzer is a Russian pair skating coach.
The Ente was the world’s first rocket-powered full-size aircraft. It was designed by Alexander Lippisch as a sailplane and first flown under power on June 11, 1928, piloted by Fritz Stamer.
Justin Andrew De Fratus, is an American former professional baseball relief pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball for the Philadelphia Phillies, from.
The University of Nagano, abbreviated as Kendai, is a co-educational 4-year public university located in Nagano, Nagano, Japan. It is the newest of the ten major universities in Nagano Prefecture. The University of Nagano consists of two campuses, named for their locations, Miwa Campus and Gocho Campus, respectively. Both campuses are open to the public.
Partutovice is a village and municipality in Perov District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.
Pierre-Eugène-Aloys known as Gerardus Rubens, OCist. was the 42nd Abbot of the Common Observance in St. Bernard's Abbey, Hemiksem.
Wilder is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is in Campbell County.
Elsa Triolet, born Ella Yurievna Kagan, was a Russian-French writer.
Alice Nahon was a Belgian poet from Antwerp.
Sir Simon Michael Schama CBE FBA FRSL is an English historian specialising in art history, Dutch history, Jewish history and French history. He is a University Professor of History and Art History at Columbia University, New York.
Middle Andaman Island is an island of the Andaman Islands. It belongs to the North and Middle Andaman administrative district, part of the Indian union territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
The Penn's Creek Massacre was a massacre committed by Delaware Indians on 16 October 1755. It happened near what is present day Selinsgrove, Pennsylvania. Made bold by Braddock's defeat on July 9, Indians killed and pillaged along the Pennsylvania frontier. Fourteen settlers were killed at Penn's Creek. Eleven were taken captive. One was wounded, but escaped. A posse sent to investigate was attacked, and both posse members and Indians were killed. Some of those taken captive in the Penn's Creek Massacre eventually returned to civilization alive.
Dennis Diekmeier is a German professional footballer who plays as a right back for SV Sandhausen in the 2. Bundesliga.
The Karagandy Zoo is the state zoo of the city Karaganda in Kazakhstan. The Karagandy Zoo covers 107.5 acres, and is one of the largest and oldest zoological parks in the Republic of Kazakhstan.
John Thomas was a British sculptor and architect, who worked on Buckingham Palace and the Palace of Westminster.
Cornellà del Terri is a village in the province of Girona and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain. The municipality covers an area of 27.8 square kilometres and the population in 2014 was 2,235.
"Palazzo Valmarana is a palace in Vicenza. It was built by Italian Renaissance architect Andrea Palladio in 1565 for the noblewoman Isabella Nogarola Valmarana. Since 1994 it is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site ""City of Vicenza and the Palladian Villas of the Veneto""."
Keams Canyon is a census-designated place in Navajo County, Arizona, United States. The population was 304 at the 2010 census.
Clay City is a home rule-class city in Powell County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 1,077 at the 2010 census.
"Mertensophryne or ""Snouted Frogs"" is a genus of true toads. They live in eastern and southern Democratic Republic of Congo to Kenya, Tanzania, Malawi, southeastern Zimbabwe and Mozambique."
Newton House is a Grade II* listed country house situated just to the west of the market town of Llandeilo in Carmarthenshire, Wales. It is partially owned and maintained by the National Trust and lies within Dinefwr Park and the grounds of Dinefwr Castle. The original house was built during the Medieval period on a site which has been occupied for at least two millennia. The current house was built by Edward Rice in the Jacobean style in 1660, though extensive changes were made in the 1850s in the Venetian Gothic style. The house played a role in the Rebecca Riots of 1843, when the occupant of the house at the time, Colonel George Rice, received a death threat with an empty grave dug in the ground. After 1956 the property fell into turbulent times when two owners died within the space of a few years. It was sold in 1974, and later fell into disrepair; it was occupied by squatters and thieves who removed beams and furniture.
The Epic Center is a high-rise building located at 301 N. Main St. in Wichita, Kansas. At 325 feet / 385 feet, it is the tallest building in the state of Kansas. The tallest structure in the state is the KWCH Tower.
The Quantic Soul Orchestra is a live band project of musician and DJ, Will Holland. Holland has recorded under several names, most notably Quantic.
Shanghai is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States.
Hans Ludwig Raimund von Koester was a German naval officer who served in the Prussian Navy and later in the Imperial German Navy. He retired as a Grand Admiral.
"The Shchuka-class submarines, also referred to as Sh or Shch-class submarines, were a medium-sized class of Soviet submarines, built in large numbers and used during World War II. ""Shchuka"" is Russian for pike. Of this class, only two submarines entered service after 1945, although they were launched before the war."
Seville is one of the 52 constituencies represented in the Congress of Deputies, the lower chamber of the Spanish parliament, the Cortes Generales. The constituency currently elects 12 deputies. Its boundaries correspond to those of the Spanish province of Seville. The electoral system uses the D'Hondt method and a closed-list proportional representation, with a minimum threshold of three percent.
"Étienne Henri Gilson was a French philosopher and historian of philosophy. A scholar of medieval philosophy, he originally specialised in the thought of Descartes, yet also philosophized in the tradition of Thomas Aquinas, although he did not consider himself a Neo-Thomist philosopher. In 1946 he attained the distinction of being elected an ""Immortal"" of the Académie française. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature."
Australiceras is an extinct ammonite genus from the upper part of the Early Cretaceous, Aptian stage, included in the family Ancyloceratidae.
Micha Bemben is a Polish-born German football player who currently plays for FC Frohlinde.
Paektu Mountain, also known as Baekdu Mountain and in China as Changbai Mountain, is an active stratovolcano on the Chinese–North Korean border. At 2,744 m, it is the highest mountain of the Changbai and Baekdudaegan ranges. Koreans assign a mythical quality to the volcano and its caldera lake, considering it to be their country's spiritual home. It is the highest mountain in North Korea, the Korean Peninsula and Northeast China.
Chwaowice is a district of Rybnik, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland. On December 31, 2013 it had 7,700 inhabitants.
Christian Ancher was a Norwegian merchant, timber trader and ship owner.
Kanako Urai is a Japanese professional wrestler currently signed to WWE, performing on the Raw brand under the ring name Asuka, where she is the current Raw Women's Champion in her second reign.
East Timorese passports are issued to citizens of East Timor to travel internationally. Until the UN finished its transitional work in East Timor, residents had to use a UN travel document to visit other countries until 2002 when the country officially became independent from UN control.
The United States secretary of energy is the head of the United States Department of Energy, a member of the Cabinet of the United States, and fifteenth in the presidential line of succession. The position was formed on October 1, 1977 with the creation of the Department of Energy when President Jimmy Carter signed the Department of Energy Organization Act. Originally the post focused on energy production and regulation. The emphasis soon shifted to developing technology for better and more efficient energy sources as well as energy education. After the end of the Cold War, the department's attention also turned toward radioactive waste disposal and maintenance of environmental quality. The current secretary of energy is Dan Brouillette.
Mankiala is a village in the Potohar plateau, Punjab near Rawalpindi, Pakistan, known for the nearby Mankiala stupa - a Buddhist stupa located at the site where, according to legend, Buddha sacrificed some of his body parts to feed seven hungry tiger cubs.
The Sloane Hospital for Women is the obstetrics and gynecology service within NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital and the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology of the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons in New York City. It was originally founded in 1886 with Columbia P&S as a training and treatment center for obstetrics. It has now provided over 100 years of obstetrical care.
Nelson is a city on the eastern shores of Tasman Bay. Nelson is the oldest city in the South Island and the second-oldest settled city in New Zealand – it was established in 1841 and was proclaimed a city by royal charter in 1858.
Joahnys Óscar Argilagos Pérez is a Cuban light flyweight amateur boxer.
The eastern tubenose goby is a species of gobiid fish native to fresh and brackish waters of the basins of the Sea of Azov and the Caspian Sea and has invaded the upper reaches of the Volga River from its native occurrence in the delta. This species prefers slow flowing rivers or still waters with plentiful rocks or vegetation. It can reach a length of 9 centimetres SL. It is probably the same species as that recently treated as Proterorhinus semipellucidus.
Ruslan Tsarev is a Russian Greco-Roman wrestler from Kyrgyzstan. He competed at the 2016 Olympics, where he was eliminated in the round of 16 by Tarek Benaissa. At the Asian championships he won a gold, a silver and a bronze medal in 2014–2016.
Skopska Crna Gora, often called and only as Crna Gora, Albanian: Malet e Karadakut, is a mountain range largely in Macedonia, with smaller part in Kosovo. It lies between the cities of Kaçanik and Skopje. The highest peak is Ramno in Macedonia. The largest town on the mountain is Kuevište in North Macedonia.
Vuarrens is a municipality in the district of Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
New Oxford is a borough in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,783 at the 2010 census.
Dodda Basavana Gudi is situated in Bull Temple Road, Basavanagudi, area of South Bengaluru, part of the largest city of the Indian state of Karnataka. The Hindu temple is inside a park called Bugle Rock.
Emil Lubtchov Kostadinov is a former Bulgarian football forward, former member of the Bulgaria national team for which he played in two World Cups. He shares his birthday with another legendary Bulgarian footballer Dimitar Yakimov, who was born on 12 August 1941.
Jefry Osvaldo Rodríguez is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher for the Cleveland Indians of Major League Baseball. He previously played for the Washington Nationals.
The Black Umfolozi River is one of the two main tributaries to the Umfolozi River in KwaZulu Natal, South Africa. It forms part of the Upper Umfolozi – the Lower Umfolozi being the area downstream of its confluence with the White Umfolozi.
"Stam1na is a Finnish heavy metal musical group native of Lemi, South Karelia. Their music is arguably best described as thrash metal with some progressive metal, death, alternative and punk influences, and is sung in the Finnish language. The band mainly uses seven-string guitars on all albums, with a few songs composed for eight string guitar on the album ""Taival""."
Neureichenau is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.
Piedmont is a census-designated place along the Saluda River in Anderson and Greenville counties in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The population was 5,103 at the 2010 census.
Order Desmothoracida, the desmothoracids, are a group of heliozoan protists, usually sessile and found in freshwater environments. The adult is a spherical cell around 10-20 m in diameter surrounded by a perforated organic lorica, or shell, with many radial pseudopods projecting through the holes to capture food. These are supported by small bundles of microtubules that arise near a point on the nuclear membrane. Unlike other heliozoans, the microtubules are not in any regular geometric array, there does not appear to be a microtubule organizing center, and there is no distinction between the outer and inner cytoplasm.
Kpno is a town in Poland. It lies on the outskirts of the Greater Poland Voivodeship, as it borders on Silesia and the ódz Land. As of December 31, 2009 Kpno had a population of 14,760. One popular attraction in Kpno is the recently restored Rynek.
Steven Gregory Drozd is an American musician and actor. He is a composer, multi-instrumentalist and songwriter for the Flaming Lips, Electric Würms and other projects.
Mario Rodríguez Varela, was an Argentine professional footballer. Nicknamed Mariulo, he was the topscorer of the 1964 Copa Libertadores with 6 goals.
Johannes de Graaff, also referred to as Johannis de Graeff in some documents, was a Dutch Governor of Sint Eustatius, Saba and Sint Maarten in the Netherlands Antilles during the difficult time of the American Revolutionary War.
Sten Einar Stensen is a former speed skater. Together with Amund Sjøbrend, Kay Stenshjemmet, and Jan Egil Storholt, he was one of the legendary four S-es, contemporary Norwegian top skaters in the 1970s and early 1980s. Stensen excelled at the longer distances, especially the 5,000 m and 10,000 m, and set two world records. He was World Allround Champion in 1974 and European Allround Champion in 1975. He also won Olympic gold on the 5,000 m in Innsbruck in 1976. For his accomplishments, he received the Oscar Mathisen Award in 1974 and 1976.
"The Ebenezer Baptist Churches are two Baptist churches in Loudoun County, Virginia, the ""Old Ebenezer Church,"" built before 1769, and the ""New Ebenezer Church,"" built about 1855. The churches are associated with corresponding old and new cemeteries."
Chiapilla is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico. It covers an area of 86.9 km².
"Stara Planina ski resort or Stara Planina ski center, is a mountain resort and one of the largest centers of winter tourism in Serbia, operated by public company ""Skijališta Srbije"". Located on the slopes of Stara Planina, it is mainly a destination for skiing."
Neowerdermannia is a genus of South American cacti.
Oval with Points is a series of enigmatic abstract sculptures by British sculptor Henry Moore, made in plaster and bronze from 1968 to 1970, from a 14-centimetre maquette in 1968 made in plaster and then cast in bronze, through a 110-centimetre working model in 1968–1969 also made plaster and then cast in bronze, to a full-size 332-centimetre bronze version cast in 1969.
The City of Shoalhaven is a local government area in the south-eastern coastal region of New South Wales, Australia. The area is approximately 200 kilometres south of Sydney. The area is located adjacent to the Tasman Sea. The Princes Highway passes through the area and the South Coast railway line traverses the northern section of the area and terminates at Bomaderry. At the 2016 census, the population of the City of Shoalhaven was 99,650.
Bayanan is a barangay in the Muntinlupa, Philippines. The total land area of the barangay is 0.784 km² which is the second smallest land area in the city. It has a population of 35,392.
Hawthorn Ridge Redoubt was a German front-line fortification, west of the village of Beaumont Hamel on the Somme. The redoubt was built after the end of the Battle of Albert, and as French and later British attacks on the Western Front became more formidable, the Germans added fortifications and trench positions near the original lines around Hawthorn Ridge. At 7:20 a.m. on 1 July 1916, the British fired a huge mine beneath the Hawthorn Ridge Redoubt. Sprung ten minutes before zero hour, it was one of 19 mines detonated on the first day of the Battle of the Somme; the detonation of this mine was filmed by Geoffrey Malins. The attack on the redoubt by part of the 29th Division of VIII Corps was a costly failure.
"St. Alphonsus Church, Rectory, Convent and Halle, also known as St. John Neumann Shrine and ""Baltimore's Powerhouse of Prayer,"" is an historic Roman Catholic church complex located within the Archdiocese of Baltimore in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. Since 1992, the parish has held regular Tridentine Masses. It is currently administered by the Priestly Fraternity of Saint Peter."
Wilhelm Horst Lichter is a German cook, television cook, cookbook author and moderator. He also occasionally appears on stage as an entertainer.
The Koxx is a South Korean indie rock band that formed in 2009. They are also involved in the production of k-pop songs.
The Springs Mills Building is a 21-story office building at 104 West 40th Street in Manhattan, New York City, just west of Sixth Avenue. The Modernist building sits on an L-shaped lot that extends back to 39th Street and rises to a thin glass hexagonal tower. One of the earliest examples of the International Style in New York, the building was designed by the architectural firm Harrison & Abramovitz and built in 1961–1963. The building was designated an official city landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 2010.
The Izhevsk Pond is an artificial body of water, or reservoir, created in 1760 at the urging of Peter Ivanovich Shuvalov for the needs of an iron works in Izhevsk, Russia. It is placed at the confluence of the Izh River and its tributary, the Yagul.
Eugene Barker McDaniel is a retired United States Navy Captain, Naval Aviator and former Prisoner of war during the Vietnam War. He was released from captivity on 4 March 1973, after 6 years of confinement.
Haidianhuangzhuang Station is a station on Line 4 and Line 10 of the Beijing Subway, located in Haidian District. This transfer station handled peak passenger traffic of 251,500 people on May 5, 2013.
Rajiv Gulshan Rai is an Indian film director, screenwriter and film editor. He is the son of the producer Gulshan Rai. He has directed all his films under his father's production company Trimurti Films.
"Søndergade or Strøget is a street in Aarhus, Denmark. It is located in the inner city neighborhood and runs 350 metres south to north from Ryesgade to Skt. Clemens Stræde and provides access to the alleys Telefonsmøgen and Posthussmøgen. Søndergade was created between 1854 and up through the 1860s as the city expanded southwards following the abolition of octroi and the city walls. The word Sønder is an older Danish form of ""south"" and the name thus means ""Southward-street"". Søndergade is part of the 750 meters long shopping street and pedestrian zone Strøget which runs from Aarhus Central Station to Aarhus Cathedral, consisting of the three streets Søndergade, St. Clemens Street and Ryesgade. Strøget has about 47,000 visitors on a daily basis and some 14 million visitors annually, making it among the busiest commercial streets in Denmark."
Tumalo Mountain is a shield volcano in the Cascade Range of central Oregon, located just northeast of Mount Bachelor across the Cascade Lakes Scenic Byway. Ice Age glaciers carved a large cirque into the northeast flank of the mountain, producing a bowl which is popular with local backcountry skiers. A United States Forest Service fire lookout tower was built on the summit in the 1930s, but abandoned in the 1970s and subsequently removed. A trail to the summit ascends the southwest flank of the volcano.
Sanarate is a city, with a population of 20,976, making it the second largest city in the El Progreso department of Guatemala, after the departmental capital of Guastatoya. It is the administrative seat of Sanarate Municipality.
"David Robert Jones is a former CEO of Havas and Havas Worldwide, cofounder of global youth forum One Young World and founder of You & Mr Jones. He is author of Who Cares Wins: Why Good Business Is Better Business and the creator of the ""Social Business Idea""."
Jordanstown railway station serves Jordanstown and the University of Ulster in Newtownabbey, Northern Ireland. A park and ride facility for the station has been proposed to ease congestion on the main Jordanstown Road.
Buttermilk pie is a custard-like pie. Originally from the United Kingdom, it is now a traditional pie of the southern United States. It is similar to, and sometimes confused with, chess pie but it does not include cornmeal. The basic filling consists of a mixture of sugar, butter, eggs, buttermilk, and wheat flour. Variations on the recipe include vanilla, lemon zest, nutmeg, and coconut. Buttermilk pies are made with a pie crust. The filling is poured into the crust and baked until the mixture sets. The pie is best eaten at room temperature after being allowed to cool, but may be eaten either warm from the oven or after being chilled.
Overlake Transit Center is a bus station and future light rail station in Redmond, Washington. The current bus station opened in 2002 and is located on the Microsoft Redmond Campus; it is served by Sound Transit Express and King County Metro.
USS George Washington (CVN-73) is a United States Navy nuclear-powered aircraft carrier, the sixth carrier in the Nimitz class and the fourth US Navy ship named after George Washington, commander-in-chief of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War and the first president of the United States. The contract for George Washington was awarded to Newport News Shipbuilding on 27 December 1982. Her keel was laid on 25 August 1986, she was christened on 21 July 1990 by First Lady Barbara Bush, and she was commissioned at Naval Station Norfolk on 4 July 1992.
William Patrick Stuart-Houston was the half-nephew of Adolf Hitler. He was born to Adolf Hitler's half-brother Alois Hitler Jr. and his Irish wife Bridget Dowling in Liverpool, England. William relocated to Germany, but immigrated to the United States, where he served in the United States Navy in World War II. He eventually received American citizenship.
Svirce is a village in the south of municipality of Medvea, Serbia. Until the 1999 Kosovo War it had 1300 people, the largest village in population in Medvedja municipality after the town of Medvedja itself. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 501 people. Of these, 499 were ethnic Albanians, and 2 others.
The 2006 United States Senate election in Texas was held November 7, 2006. Incumbent Republican Kay Bailey Hutchison won re-election to a third term.
Taiga Matsuo is a professional Japanese baseball player. He plays infielder for the Yokohama DeNA BayStars.
Madinabonu Mannopova is an Uzbekistani taekwondo athlete. She won a silver medal at the 2018 Asian Games and a bronze at the 2018 Asian Championships.
Perafita is a municipality in the comarca of Osona in Catalonia, Spain.
Oliver Township is a township in Jefferson County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,083 at the 2010 census. It was named after Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry.
Fiad is a village in Somogy county, Hungary.
Little David was the nickname of an American 36-inch caliber mortar used for test-firing aerial bombs during World War II. With the same calibre as the British Mallet's Mortar, constructed in May 1857, it is one of the largest-calibre guns ever built, having a larger calibre than both of Germany's Schwerer Gustav and Dora which were 31.5-inch railway guns.
The Lounge Kittens was an English comedy lounge band formed in Southampton in 2012. They perform covers of classic popular songs, in particular rock and heavy metal songs, in a lounge style focusing on vocal harmonies accompagned by a piano. The trio consists of vocalists Jenny Deacon, Timia Gwendoline, and Zan Lawther, sometimes called Red Kitten, Blue Kitten, and Pink Kitten respectively because of the colour of their hair, with Deacon also performing piano.
Stenonychosaurus is a genus of troodontid dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous Dinosaur Park Formation of Alberta, Canada, as well as possibly the Two Medicine Formation. The type and only species, S. inequalis, was named by Charles Mortram Sternberg in 1932, based on a foot, fragments of a hand, and some caudal vertebrae from the Late Cretaceous of Alberta. S. inequalis was reassigned in 1987 by Phil Currie to the genus Troodon, which was reverted by the recognition of Stenonychosaurus as a separate genus from the possibly dubious Troodon in 2017 by Evans et al. and also later in the same year by Van der Reest and Currie.
"The Order of Saint Anna was established as a Holstein ducal and then Russian imperial order of chivalry established by Karl Friedrich, Duke of Holstein-Gottorp, on 14 February 1735, in honour of his wife Anna Petrovna, daughter of Peter the Great of Russia. The motto of the Order is ""Amantibus Justitiam, Pietatem, Fidem"". Its festival day is 3 February. Originally, the Order of Saint Anna was a dynastic order of knighthood; but between 1797 and 1917 it had dual status as a dynastic order and as a state order. The Head of the Imperial House of Russia always is Master of the imperial Order of Saint Anna. The Order of St. Anna continued to be awarded after the revolution by Grand Duke Kirill Vladimirovich, Grand Duke Vladimir Kirillovich, and Grand Duchess Maria Vladimirovna. Today, the Russian Imperial Order of St. Anna, awarded by Grand Duchess Maria Vladimirovna is recognized as an order of chivalry by the privately operated ICOC as a continuation of the pre-Revolutionary order, and has been approved for wear with military uniform by the Russian Federation, but not by some members of the Romanov Family Association."
"Isaac Hunsberger House is a historic home located at Limerick Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1827 and modified in 1893. A rear addition was built in 1926. It is a 2 1/2-story, ""L""-shaped dwelling brick and stone dwelling. It has a five bay front facade with a one-story porch with Victorian-style decorative elements and is in a vernacular Georgian style. Also on the property is a contributing bake house / summer kitchen.
Kostyantyn Kostyantynovych Leontovich, better known as Kostya Leontovich, is a Ukrainian film score composer, record producer, musician, mixer, singer-songwriter, founder of the label Musicball Records and Musicball Rock School.
Steven Frederic Seagal is an American movie actor, producer, writer, martial artist, guitarist and reserve deputy sheriff.
The Western Sydney Parklands is an urban park system and a nature reserve located in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. The NSW government has spent around $400 million for the park. The park is governed by the NSW National Parks and Wildlife Service and is listed under the National Parks and Wildlife Act 1974. The Parklands begin in the north in the City of Blacktown, cross the City of Fairfield, and end in the City of Liverpool.
"Richard Mathias ""Ric"" Bucher is a SiriusXM radio host, afternoons on the Mad Dog Sports Radio Channel and Fridays on SiriusXM NBA Radio. He also signed a multi-year deal with BleacherReport.com in September 2014 to serve as a senior writer and NBA video analyst. He also appears occasionally on NBA TV as an NBA analyst and on TNT as a sideline reporter for NBA game telecasts. He also is the co-host of a weekly podcast with three-time NBA champion B.J. Armstrong called the ""BJ and Bucher Show: 4 Quarters of Madness"" which can be found on Audioboom and iTunes and the BJandBucher.com website. Bucher previously worked as an NBA Insider for Comcast SportsNet Bay Area and also co-hosted Bucher, Towny and Huff mornings on 95.7 The Game. Bucher was formerly an NBA analyst for ESPN and ESPN.com. He was also a senior writer for ESPN The Magazine and a columnist for ESPN.com.
The Morris Eight is a small family car produced by Morris Motors from 1935 to 1948. It was inspired by the sales popularity of the Ford Model Y, styling of which the Eight closely followed. The success of the car enabled Morris to regain its position as Britain's largest motor manufacturer.
Taboche is a mountain in the Khumbu region of the Nepalese Himalaya. Taboche is connected to Cholatse by a long ridge. Taboche lies directly across the Imja River from Ama Dablam and above the villages of Pheriche and Dingboche.
Fitou is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Phalaenopsis cornu-cervi is a species of orchid occurring from Indochina to western Malesia and the Philippines.
Jaime Yusept Espinal Fajardo is a Dominican-born Puerto Rican freestyle wrestler. In 2012 he became the first Olympic medalist in wrestling for Puerto Rico by winning a silver medal in the 84 kg division.
State Route 160 is a state highway in the U.S. state of California consisting of two sections. The longer, southern, section is a scenic highway through the alluvial plain of the Sacramento River, linking SR 4 in Antioch with Sacramento via the Antioch Bridge. The northern section, separated from the southern by Sacramento city streets, is the North Sacramento Freeway, running from the 16th Street Bridge over the American River to Interstate 80 Business towards Roseville.
Saint Lucia is a sovereign island country in the West Indies in the eastern Caribbean Sea on the boundary with the Atlantic Ocean. The island was previously called Iyonola, the name given to the island by the native Arawaks and later, Hewanorra, the name given by the native Caribs, two separate Amerindian peoples. Part of the Lesser Antilles, it is located north/northeast of the island of Saint Vincent, northwest of Barbados and south of Martinique. It covers a land area of 617 km² and reported a population of 165,595 in the 2010 census. Its capital is Castries.
RER Vaud is an S-Bahn network in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is centered on Lausanne and began operating in December 2004.
"Turtles are reptiles of the order Testudines characterized by a special bony or cartilaginous shell developed from their ribs and acting as a shield. ""Turtle"" may refer to the order as a whole or to fresh-water and sea-dwelling testudines. The order Testudines includes both extant and extinct species. The earliest known members of this group date from the Middle Jurassic, making turtles one of the oldest reptile groups and a more ancient group than snakes or crocodilians. Of the 356 known species alive today, some are highly endangered.
An annular solar eclipse will occur on October 24, 2079. A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun, thereby totally or partly obscuring the image of the Sun for a viewer on Earth. An annular solar eclipse occurs when the Moon's apparent diameter is smaller than the Sun's, blocking most of the Sun's light and causing the Sun to look like an annulus. An annular eclipse appears as a partial eclipse over a region of the Earth thousands of kilometres wide.
William Trent Rossell was the Engineer Commissioner of the District of Columbia.
Jacob Mulenga is a Zambian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Chinese side Liaoning F.C.. Between 2004 and 2014 he made 41 FIFA-official appearances scoring 9 goals for the Zambia national team.
Brighton is a city in Washington County, Iowa, United States. It's part of the Iowa City, Iowa Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 652 at the 2010 census.
The genus Hypsugo contains many bats referred to as pipistrelles or pipistrelle bats. They belong to the family Vespertilionidae or vesper bats.
The Jinnah Antarctic Station is an Antarctic scientific research station operated by the Pakistan Antarctic Programme. It is located in the vicinity of the Sør Rondane Mountains, Queen Maud Land, in Eastern Antarctica.
McLean is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Fairfax County in Northern Virginia. McLean is home to many diplomats, businesspeople, members of Congress, and high-ranking government officials partially due to its proximity to Washington, D.C. and the Central Intelligence Agency. It is the location of Hickory Hill, the former home of Ethel Kennedy, the widow of Robert F. Kennedy. It is also the location of Salona, the former home of Light-Horse Harry Lee, the Revolutionary War hero. The community had an estimated total population of 53,673 in 2015, according to estimates prepared by the United States Census Bureau. It is located between the Potomac River and the town of Vienna. McLean is often distinguished by its luxury homes and its nearby high-profit shopping destinations: Tysons Corner Center and Tysons Galleria. The two McLean zip codes - 22101 and 22102 - are among the most expensive ZIP Codes in Virginia and the United States. In 2018, data from the American Community Survey revealed that McLean was the 3rd wealthiest city in the United States, based on its poverty rate of 2.6% and its median household income of $190,258.
England House and Mill, also known as Red Mill Farm, is a historic home located at Newark, New Castle County, Delaware. It is a two-level brick dwelling built in 1747. The oldest part of the house is the believed to be the larger upper level; the smaller lower level having been added later for the miller. The upper level measures approximately 33 feet by 32 feet and the lower level about 29 feet by 19 feet.
Geranium is a Danish gourmet restaurant, situated in Parken in the center of Copenhagen. The head chef is the Danish chef Rasmus Kofoed, who won the Bocuse d'Or in 2011. It is the only Danish three-starred restaurant according to the Michelin Guide.
Felicjanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Pock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Founded as a Mariavite colony, it currently serves as headquarters of Catholic Mariavite Church.
Río Cachapoal is a river in Chile. It is in the Region of O'Higgins. The river gives the name to the Province of Cachapoal.
Mertingen is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany.
1249 Rutherfordia, provisional designation 1932 VB, is an elongated, stony Florian asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 13 kilometers in diameter. Discovered by Karl Reinmuth at Heidelberg Observatory in 1932, the asteroid was named after Rutherford, New Jersey a suburb of New York City, United States.
The Republic of China Military Academy is the military academy for the army of the Republic of China, located in Fengshan District, Kaohsiung. Previously known as the Whampoa Military Academy, the military academy produced commanders who fought in many of China's conflicts in the 20th century, notably the Northern Expedition, the Second Sino-Japanese War and the Chinese Civil War.
"The Kamov Ka-8 """", was a diminutive Soviet helicopter that first flew in 1947.
Kenneth McMillan was an American actor. McMillan was usually cast as gruff, hostile and unfriendly characters due to his rough image. However, he was sometimes cast in some lighter comic roles that highlighted his gentler side.
Yancy Derringer is an American Western series that was broadcast on CBS from 1958 to 1959, with Jock Mahoney in the title role. The show was produced by Derringer Productions and filmed in Hollywood by Desilu Productions. Derringer Productions consisted of half interest for Warren Lewis and Don Sharpe as executive producers, a quarter interest to Jock Mahoney for starring in the series, and a quarter interest to Richard Sale and Mary Loos, husband and wife, as creators. Desilu had just completed the 1956 series The Adventures of Jim Bowie, which was also set principally in New Orleans. The show's sponsor was Johnson Wax, and Klear floor wax was a regular sponsor.
The third USS Saranac was the Old Dominion Steamship Company Hamilton temporarily converted for planting the World War I North Sea Mine Barrage. John Roach & Sons launched Hamilton at Chester, Pennsylvania in 1899. Hamilton steamed between Norfolk, Virginia and New York City until The United States Shipping Board took control of the ship from Old Dominion Steamship Company in 1917. She was fitted out for United States Navy service by James Shewan & Sons at Brooklyn, New York. The minelaying conversion enabled her to carry mines on two decks, and included four Otis elevators individually capable of transferring two mines every 20 seconds from the storage deck to the launching deck. USS Saranac was commissioned on 9 April 1918 with Captain Sinclair Gannon, USN, in command. While operating as part of Mine Squadron 1 out of Inverness, Scotland, from 14 July until the close of the war on 11 November 1918, Saranac laid a total of 4,782 mines:
Putusk is a town in Poland by the river Narew, 70 kilometres north of Warsaw. It is located in the Masovian Voivodeship and has a population of about 19,000.
Pinaglabanan Memorial Shrine is a Filipino national shrine and park along Pinaglabanan Street in the city of San Juan, Metro Manila, Philippines. This was built to commemorate the heroism of the Katipuneros who laid siege to Polvorín de Almacen, an armoury belonging to the Spanish Colonial Government, becoming the first battle of the Philippine Revolution against the Spanish Empire.
Francis McLintock MBE is a former Scotland international footballer and football manager. He also worked as a sports agent and football pundit in his later life.
Beit Rimon is a religious community located in the Lower Galilee Regional Council in Israel. It consists of a kibbutz and a community of privately owned homes. It is located in the Lower Galilee on a ridge of Mount Tur'an at a height of 400 meters above sea level. As of 2019 it had a population of 876.
Rickie Darnell Weeks Jr. is an American former professional baseball second baseman. He has played in Major League Baseball for the Milwaukee Brewers, Seattle Mariners, Arizona Diamondbacks and Tampa Bay Rays. He was named an MLB All-Star in 2011.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of San José in California is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in the northern California region of the United States. It comprises Santa Clara County, and is led by a bishop. Its patron saints are Saint Joseph and Saint Clare of Assisi. The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of San Francisco. Its fellow suffragans include the Dioceses of Honolulu, Las Vegas, Oakland, Reno, Sacramento, Salt Lake City, Santa Rosa and Stockton.
Raua is a subdistrict in the district of Kesklinn, Tallinn, the capital of Estonia. It has a population of 5,654.
Courcelles-sur-Viosne is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department in Île-de-France in northern France.
The River Tywi or Towy is the longest river flowing entirely within Wales. Its total length is 120 km. It is noted for its sea trout and salmon fishing.
"Yusuf Mohamed Ismail ""Bari-Bari"" was a Somali diplomat and politician. He was the Ambassador of Somalia to the United Nations Human Rights Office in Geneva."
The Millennium Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge that spans Kazanka River, in Kazan, Russia. Its name originates from Kazan's thousandth anniversary, widely celebrated in 2005 and the shape of its M-like pylon.
Panchi Bora is an Indian television actress and model from Assam. She plays lead roles in the series Kayamath and Kitni Mast Hai Zindagi, before working in the Telugu film industry.
On 19 January 2015, protests led by students at the University of Kinshasa broke out in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The protests began following the announcement of a proposed law that would allow the country's 43-year-old president, Joseph Kabila, to remain in power until a national census could be conducted. Elections had been planned for 2016 and a census would be a massive undertaking that would likely take several years for the developing country.
Misa Telefoni Retzlaff is a former Samoan Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Finance, and deputy leader of the Human Rights Protection Party.
"The Chapel of Our Lady of Jerusalem or Chapel of Notre Dame, is a religious building affiliated with the Catholic Church which is located in the Complex of Notre Dame of Jerusalem which was built by French religious between 1893 and 1894 in Jerusalem, as part of a larger group of buildings known as the Hospice of Our Lady of France, which was built mostly in stone with ""defensive"" purposes. It was built in a symmetrical, neoclassical style, supplemented by Oriental style battlements on the roof.
Gmina Kurztnik is a rural gmina in Nowe Miasto County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. Its seat is the village of Kurztnik, which lies approximately 2 kilometres south of Nowe Miasto Lubawskie and 75 km south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
The Class EF81 is a six-axle Bo-Bo-Bo wheel arrangement multi-voltage AC/DC electric locomotive type operated on passenger and freight services in Japan since 1968. As of 1 April 2016, 44 locomotives remained in service, operated by JR Freight, JR East, and JR West.
Manglares de Tumbes National Sanctuary is a protected natural area located in the region of Tumbes, Peru. Established in 1988, it protects the largest area of mangrove forest in Peru.
George Rawlinson was a British scholar, historian, and Christian theologian.
Sparta Precinct is located in Randolph County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 5,387.
Auburn Lake Trails is a census-designated place in El Dorado County, California. It lies at an elevation of 1916 feet. It is a gated community with 23 miles of horse trails. As of the 2010 census, the population was 3,426.
Hannah Yelland is a British-born actress now living and working in the United States.
Bascharage is a town and a former commune in south-western Luxembourg. Since 2012, it is part of the commune of Käerjeng.
Torii clan was a samurai family of the late Sengoku and Edo periods of Japanese history.
Lutynia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikinia, within roda lska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany; it previously belonged to Prussia and earlier to the Austrian Empire. It is the site of the Battle of Leuthen, where Frederick the Great of Prussia inflicted a heavy defeat on the Austrians in 1757. It lies approximately 5 kilometres south-east of Mikinia, 16 km east of roda lska, and 17 km west of the regional capital Wrocaw.
The South African Railways Class 15 4-8-2 of 1914 was a steam locomotive.
OGLE-TR-111b is an extrasolar planet approximately 5,000 light-years away in the constellation of Carina. The planet is currently the only confirmed planet orbiting the star OGLE-TR-111.
Callicore hesperis, the hesperis eighty-eight or hesperis numberwing, is a species of butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is found in Colombia, Brazil, Ecuador, Peru, and Bolivia.
"LaRon Louis James, better known by his stage name Juelz Santana, is an American rapper, recording artist and member of East Coast hip hop group The Diplomats, also known as Dipset. He is best known for his appearances on Cam'ron's 2002 singles, ""Oh Boy"" and ""Hey Ma"", which peaked at numbers 4 and 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 respectively, as well as Chris Brown's 2005 triple-platinum single, ""Run It!"", which topped the Billboard Hot 100 for five weeks.
Durgapur is a tier-II city and a municipal corporation in Paschim Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal. It is the fourth largest urban agglomeration after Kolkata, Asansol and Siliguri in West Bengal and was planned by two American architects, Joseph Allen Stein and Benjamin Polk in 1955. Durgapur is the only city in eastern India to have an operational dry dock. Durgapur was once known as the Rurh of Bengal.
Wilhelm Ebstein was a Polish-German physician. He is best known for Ebstein's anomaly and for proposing a low-carbohydrate high-fat diet to treat obesity.
Voyageurs National Park is an American national park in northern Minnesota near the town of International Falls established in 1975. The park's name commemorates the voyageurs—French-Canadian fur traders who were the first European settlers to frequently travel through the area. The park is notable for its outstanding water resources and is popular with canoeists, kayakers, other boaters, and fishermen. The Kabetogama Peninsula, which lies entirely within the park and makes up most of its land area, is accessible only by boat. To the east of the park lies the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness.
Jena Saale station is a station in the Jena suburb of Jena-Nord in the German state of Thuringia. It lies at line-kilometre 25.50 of the Großheringen–Saalfeld railway.
The Landing Craft Infantry were several classes of seagoing amphibious assault ships of the Second World War used to land large numbers of infantry directly onto beaches. They were developed in response to a British request for a vessel capable of carrying and landing substantially more troops than their smaller Landing Craft Assault. The result was a small steel ship that could land 200 men, traveling from rear bases on its own bottom at a speed of up to 15 knots.
The NER Class X was a class of 4-8-0T tank locomotive designed by Wilson Worsdell for the North Eastern Railway. They were intended for use as powerful shunting engines to arrange and move coal wagons for loading into ships. In total 15 were built, 10 by the NER between 1909 and 1910, and a further five in 1925 by the London and North Eastern Railway. They had three cylinders with divided drive: the inside cylinder driving the leading axle, the outside cylinders driving the centre.
Maribel Pérez, best known by her stage name Belle Perez, is a Belgian-Spanish musician and songwriter.
Sven Åke Albert Rydell was a Swedish footballer who played as a forward. He was the all-time leading scorer for the Swedish national team until 4 September 2014, when Zlatan Ibrahimovi overtook him by scoring his 50th international goal. However, he holds the record of scoring nine hat-tricks for Sweden.
The 319th Static Infantry Division was a German Army static division during World War II. It was raised in November 1940 from units of the 87th, 169th and the 299th Infantry Divisions. On 30 April 1941 the 319th Division replaced the 216th Infantry Division in the Channel Islands defense and remained in that position until its capture on May 1945 by British forces.
Acharya Mahashraman is the eleventh Acharya, supreme head of Jain vtmbara Terapanth sect. Mahashraman ji heads all activities functioning under Terapanth organisation, most notably Anuvrat, Preksha Meditation, Jeevan Vigyan. All the Terapanth sub-organisations, notably Jain Vishva Bharati, Terapanth Mahasabha, etc. are working under the guidance of Acharya Shri Mahashraman. He has five brothers and two sisters. His brothers names are Sujanmal Dugar, Amarchand Dugar, Keshrichand Dugar, Suraj Dugar, Shrichand Dugar and two sisters Ratnidevi Bothra and Surjidevi Nakhat.
Nebraska Highway 63 is a north–south highway in eastern Nebraska with a length of 13.93 miles. It is also known throughout Cass County as 238th Street, except in the village of Alvo, where it adopts the name Russell Street. Its southern terminus is at U.S. Highway 34 east of Eagle. Its northern terminus is at U.S. Highway 6 southwest of Ashland.
A Regular Girl is a lost 1919 American silent comedy film directed by James Young and starring comedian Elsie Janis. It was produced by Lewis J. Selznick.
The Feldberg is a mountain in the Rhön highlands in the German state of Hesse. It is 815.2 m above sea level.
Dallas Leon Baker is a former American football wide receiver. Baker played college football for the University of Florida, and thereafter, he has played professionally for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League and the Jacksonville Sharks of the Arena Football League. As a member of the Steelers, he won Super Bowl XLIII against the Arizona Cardinals. He is currently the wide receivers coach at Marshall University.
Aechmea pimenti-velosoi is a plant species in the genus Aechmea. It is endemic to the state of Santa Catarina in southern Brazil.
Monserrate is a high Mountain over 10,000 feet high that dominates the city center of Bogotá, the capital city of Colombia. It rises to 3,152 meters above the sea level, where there is a church with a shrine, devoted to El Señor Caído.
"Shahidul Alam is a Bangladeshi photojournalist, teacher and social activist. He has been a photographer for more than forty years and ""his photographs have been published in almost every major western media outlet"".
Gaoming District, formerly romanized as Koming, is an urban district of Foshan, Guangdong, in the People's Republic of China. Gaoming is located west of downtown Foshan and had a population of 420,044 during the 2010 census. It covers an area of 967.4 km².
Hudson/Innes station is a light rail stop on the Muni Metro T Third Street line in the Bayview neighborhood of San Francisco, California. The station opened with the T Third Street line on January 13, 2007. It has a single island platform located in the median of Third Street between Hudson Avenue and Innes Avenue, with access from crosswalks at both streets.
Mets Ayrum is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia. Mets Ayrum greatly suffers from the nearby mine dump which causes serious health problems for the villagers and threatens the ecology of the entire area.
Charadra is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.
Mammern railway station is a railway station in Mammern, in the Swiss canton of Thurgau. It is an intermediate stop on the Lake line and is served by local trains only. The original station building is now a private home; passengers use a wooden shelter on the platform.
"Oliver James McGill is an Australian musician who is the keyboard player and backing vocalist for The Cat Empire. He composed ""Dumb Ways to Die"" for Metro Trains Melbourne. McGill is also a member of several other bands, including The Genie, The Conglomerate, Peaking Duck, Outlier, The Future, 77, and Past Ollie's Bedtime."
Majuro Airfield or Naval Air Facility Majuro is a former World War II airfield on the island of Delap in the Marshall Islands.
Tsukasa Fujimoto is a Japanese professional wrestler and actress, who is currently wrestling for Ice Ribbon, where she also works behind the scenes as the co-head trainer.
The Army Council was the supreme administering body of the British Army from its creation in 1904 until it was reconstituted as the Army Board in 1964.
Jesse Burgess Thomas was an American lawyer, judge and politician who served as a delegate from the Indiana Territory to the tenth Congress and later served as president of the Constitutional Convention which led to Illinois being admitted to the Union. He became one of Illinois' first two Senators, and is best known as the author of the Missouri Compromise of 1820. After his retirement from the U.S. Senate in 1829 he lived the rest of his life in Ohio.
The placenta is a temporary organ that connects the developing fetus via the umbilical cord to the uterine wall to allow nutrient uptake, thermo-regulation, waste elimination, and gas exchange via the mother's blood supply; to fight against internal infection; and to produce hormones which support pregnancy. Placentas are a defining characteristic of placental mammals, but are also found in marsupials and some non-mammals with varying levels of development.
Gmina Nowy Targ is a rural gmina in Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. Its seat is the town of Nowy Targ, although the town is not part of the territory of the gmina.
"Tropicbirds are a family, Phaethontidae, of tropical pelagic seabirds. They are the sole living representatives of the order Phaethontiformes. For many years they were considered part of the Pelecaniformes, but genetics indicates they are most closely related to the Eurypygiformes. There are three species in one genus, Phaethon. The scientific names are derived from Ancient Greek phaethon, ""sun"". They have predominantly white plumage with elongated tail feathers and small feeble legs and feet."
Cantalpino is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located 30 kilometres from the city of Salamanca and as of 2016 has a population of 927 people. The municipality covers an area of 78.47 km².
The Action of 10 August 1805 was a minor naval engagement between two frigates of the British Royal Navy, HMS Phoenix and the French Navy Didon as part of the Napoleonic wars. After an hour of action Didon surrendered to Phoenix.
Lazaretto Island, is located two nautical miles northeast of the city of Corfu. The island has an area of 7 ha and is administered by the Greek National Tourist Organization. It gets its name from the lazaretto located there.
The Acura TSX is a compact executive car manufactured by Honda and sold through its Acura division from 2003 to 2014. The TSX spanned two generations, both derived from the corresponding Japanese/European versions of the Honda Accord, which were more compact and sporting-oriented than its larger North American counterpart.
Millwood is a census-designated place in Sumter County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 885 at the 2000 census. It is included in the Sumter, South Carolina Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Glasgwm is a mountain in Gwynedd, Wales forming part of the Aran range in southern Snowdonia. It is one of the three Marilyns that make up the range, the others being Aran Fawddwy and Esgeiriau Gwynion. To the west is Maesglase and the Dyfi hills, while to the south-west lies Cadair Idris. To the south lies the Plynlimon range. It is 779 metres high.
Ben Newton is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Port Adelaide Football Club and Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League.
The Oaths of Strasbourg were mutual pledges of allegiance between Louis the German, ruler of East Francia, and his half-brother Charles the Bald, ruler of West Francia made on 12 February 842. They are written in three different languages: Medieval Latin, Old Gallo-Romance and Old High German, all in Caroline minuscule. The Romance passages are generally considered to be the earliest texts in a language that is distinctly Gallo-Romance.
The Brau people are an ethnic group living in Laos, Cambodia, and Vietnam. In Vietnam, most Brau live in c M village, B Y commune, Ngc Hi district, Kon Tum province, and the population was 525 in 2019. They speak Brao, a Mon–Khmer language.
The 11th Airborne Division was a United States Army airborne formation, first activated on 25 February 1943, during World War II. Consisting of one parachute and two glider infantry regiments, with supporting troops, the division underwent rigorous training throughout 1943. It played a vital role in the successful Knollwood Maneuver, which was organized to determine the viability of large-scale American airborne formations after their utility had been called into question following a disappointing performance during the Allied invasion of Sicily.
Magnus Liam Norberg née Lars Magnus Norberg is a Swedish actor, author, artist, and former criminal. He has acted in several films before and after his imprisonment, such as Sökarna and Blodsbröder. He was involved in two major robberies in the 1990s and served time in prison for both. Since his release, he has lectured about his Christian faith and continued his acting career, as well as writing and publishing several books about his life experiences.
Zandeweer is a village in Het Hogeland municipality in the Dutch province of Groningen. It had a population of around 475 in January 2017.
Costea Bucioc or Coste Bcioc was a Moldavian statesman, commander of the military forces, and father-in-law of Prince Lupu Coci. He began his political career in the 1580s, emerging in the late 1590s as an ally of the Movileti dynasty, with then-Prince Ieremia Movil advancing him to the post of Clucer. From 1601, he was Constantin Movil's Paharnic, receiving from him the estate of Deleni and other villages around Hârlu, which formed part of a Bucioc domain that also extended into Bukovina and Bessarabia. Together with the Movileti, he became one of the great landowners of his generation, and one of the first Moldavian boyars known to have owned serfs. Some of his assets went into refurbishing Râca Monastery, of which he was patron, or ktitor.
Strongylopus is a genus of pyxicephalid frogs native to Africa. They are found in the area from southwestern South Africa and Namibia to southern Tanzania. Their common name is stream frogs.
Narekavank was a tenth-century Armenian monastery in the historic province of Vaspurakan, near the southern shores of Lake Van, in present-day eastern Turkey. The monastery was one of the most prominent in medieval Armenia and had a major school. The poet Gregory of Narek notably flourished at the monastery. It was abandoned in 1915 during the Armenian Genocide, and reportedly demolished around 1951. A mosque now stands on its location.
La Chapelle-Naude is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Ault Park is a park on the St. Lawrence River in the Township of South Stormont, near Long Sault, Ontario, Canada.
Pike Township is one of the sixteen townships of Brown County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 4,243 people in the township.
Michael Maier was a German physician and counsellor to Rudolf II Habsburg. He was a learned alchemist, epigramist and amateur composer.
Bischofswerda is a railway station in the town of Bischofswerda, Saxony, Germany. The station lies on the Görlitz–Dresden and Neukirch West–Bischofswerda railway lines. There used to be also a line to Kamenz.
Nonnevot is a Limburgian pastry dating back to the 17th century. Hailing from the town of Sittard, the pastry has traditionally been associated with carnival, but is nowadays sold year-round in regional bakeries. Its name: nonnevot, or nun's buttocks, comes from the knotted shape of the pastry, resembling the knot on the back of a nun's tunic. The nonnevot is prepared by deep-frying a mixture of flour, yeast, milk, salt, butter, brown sugar, and lard.
The monument to Lázaro Cárdenas is installed in Parque España, in Mexico City, Mexico.
Alnwick Hall is a historic manor in Morris Township, New Jersey. It was built in 1904 for Edward P. Meany, legal counsel for the American Telephone and Telegraph Company, Judge Advocate General of New Jersey and Vice President of the New Mexico Central and Southern Railway. It was designed to resemble Alnwick Castle by architect Percy Griffin. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since April 11, 1985.
Doncaster North is a constituency in South Yorkshire, England, represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2005 by Ed Miliband of the Labour Party. From 2010 until 2015, he was Leader of the Opposition before he lost the 2015 general election to David Cameron and the Conservatives.
Cawston is an unincorporated small community in the south Similkameen Valley, with a 2005 population of 973.
Hughenden Valley is an extensive village and civil parish within Wycombe district in Buckinghamshire, England, just to the north of High Wycombe. It is almost 8,000 acres in size, divided mainly between arable and wooded land. It is situated 3 miles north of central Wycombe, 12.5 miles south of the county town of Aylesbury and some 35 miles west-northwest of London.
The Monroes is a Western television series which originally aired on ABC during the 1966–67 season. The series centered on five orphans trying to survive as a family on the frontier in the area around what is now Grand Teton National Park near Jackson, Wyoming. Their parents die in an accident in the first episode and they try to carry on without them.
The Parkview Apartments is a 1926-built 213 foot former Allerton Hotel high-rise that was converted into apartments in downtown Cleveland's Nine-Twelve District that sits just south of the Reserve Square complex. The building is in the Renaissance revival style and is facaded in detailed red brick. Erected in the 1920s the building demonstrates elaborate decorational motifs and castle-like design that evokes regal elegance throughout the structure.The Parkview also features a tower or spire at its apex.
Motion City Soundtrack is an American rock band that formed in Minneapolis, Minnesota in 1997. The band's line-up consists of vocalist and guitarist Justin Pierre, lead guitarist Joshua Cain, keyboardist Jesse Johnson, bassist Matthew Taylor, and drummer Tony Thaxton. Over the course of their career, the group has toured heavily and released six studio albums, the majority on independent label Epitaph Records. The band's sound, at times described as pop punk or emo, makes notable use of the Moog synthesizer. Pierre mainly handles the band's lyrics, which often touch on themes of anxiety, alienation, and relationships.
Katja von Garnier is a German film director.
HMS Beaver was one of 10 Type 22 missile frigate of the Broadsword Class ordered by the Royal Navy.
The Givatayim Observatory is a public observatory that was founded in 1968 by the Israeli Astronomical Association and the Givatayim municipality.
Sonzay is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
The Mosque with the Spiral Minaret is a 16th-century Ottoman mosque in arachane park, Fatih district, Istanbul, Turkey.
Nottwil is a municipality in the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.
Strigatella coronata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae, the miters or miter snails.
Chenou is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
L'Épine is a commune in the Marne department in the Grand Est region of north-eastern France.
Bernard Boutet de Monvel was a French painter, sculptor, engraver, fashion illustrator and interior decorator. Although first known for his etchings, he earned notability for his paintings, especially his geometric paintings from the 1900s and his Moroccan paintings made during World War I. In both Europe and the United States, where he often traveled, he also became known as a portrait painter for high society clients.
Miyajimaguchi Station is a railway station on the Sany Main Line in Hatsukaichi, Hiroshima, operated by West Japan Railway Company. From the pier near the station there are ferry services for Miyajima by JR Miyajima Ferry and Miyajima Matsudai Kisen.
The Revolt of the Batavi took place in the Roman province of Germania Inferior between AD 69 and 70. It was an uprising against the Roman Empire started by the Batavi, a small but militarily powerful Germanic tribe that inhabited Batavia, on the delta of the river Rhine. They were soon joined by the Celtic tribes from Gallia Belgica and some Germanic tribes.
Molochansk is a city in Tokmak Raion of Zaporizhia Oblast, Ukraine. It is located at around 47°1226N 35°3541E. Molochna River flows through the city. Population: 6,980.
Shuttlewood is a village situated about 2 miles north of Bolsover, in Bolsover District, Derbyshire, England. It is centred on the crossroads of two main roads; Bolsover-Mastin Moor and Clowne-Chesterfield.
Habra railway station is a station of Eastern Railway. It is 45 km away from Sealdah railway station and 23 km from Barasat on the Sealdah-Bangaon branch line of Eastern Railway. It is part of the Kolkata Suburban Railway system. Habra, Gobardanga, Thakurnagar and Bangaon local connects this city to Sealdah Station and other stations of the Sealdah-Bangaon branch line. Habra Station Road is directly connected to NH 35.It is a major railway station between Bangaon and Barasat railway stations.
Knockmore is a mountain on Clare Island off the coast of County Mayo, Ireland.
Kaspars Brziš is a Latvian professional basketball player for VEF Rga of the VTB United League. He also represented the Latvian national basketball team.
Stadium:MK is a football stadium in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire. The Milton Keynes Dons F.C. football club has played there since it opened in July 2007. Queen Elizabeth II officially opened the stadium on 3rd December 2007.
Estadio Regional de Chinquihue is a multi-use stadium in Puerto Montt, Chile. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Deportes Puerto Montt. The stadium was built in 1982, with an original capacity of 11,300. In 2011 and 2013 it was completely renovated, and currently holds 10,000 people. The highest ever recorded attendance was 12,217 in a league match between Deportes Puerto Montt and Colo-Colo on September 6, 1998.
Clitourps is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Herns Mill Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge near Lewisburg, Greenbrier County, West Virginia. It was built in 1884, and is a Queen post truss bridge measuring 10 feet, 6 inches wide and 53 feet, 8 inches long. It has red board-and-batten siding and a galvanized sheet metal roof. It was built to provide access to the S.S. Hern Mill, when it was in operation. It is one of two remaining covered bridges in Greenbrier County, the other being Hokes Mill Covered Bridge.
Bautista Saavedra Mallea was President of Bolivia, first as part of a governing junta between 1920–21, and then as constitutionally-elected President of the Republic between 1921 and 1925.
"Auchenbathie, Auchinbathie Tower or rarely Barcraigs Tower is a ruined fortification, a tower house, once held by the Wallace Clan of Elderslie, situated in Renfrewshire, Parish of Lochwinnoch, Scotland. The spelling used varies greatly and ""Auchenbathie"" will be used here as the standard spelling. The pronunciation locally is ""Auchenbothy"", the same as a Victorian mansion in Kilmacolm; no connection is known."
Catherine McClements is an Australian actress.
Philip Herbert, 5th Earl of Pembroke, 2nd Earl of Montgomery, was an English nobleman and politician. He was the son of Philip Herbert, 4th Earl of Pembroke, and his first wife Susan de Vere. He succeeded his father in 1649.
USS LST-355 was an LST-1-class tank landing ship of the United States Navy active during the Second World War.
Gethsemane Chapel was a small Armenian Apostolic church in the historic Shahar district of Yerevan, Armenia, that was destroyed during the 1920s to make way for the construction of the Yerevan Opera Theater on what is known today as the Tumanyan street.
"Shahram ""Shawn"" Sheikhan is a professional poker player who currently lives in Las Vegas, Nevada with his wife and daughter. Sheikhan is the owner of a retail chain of tobacco and tattoo stores.
Cindré is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
Maktoum bin Rashid Al Maktoum Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It is currently used mostly for football matches and serves as the home stadium of former home Al Shabab Al Arabi Club of the UAE Pro-League, but after Al Shabab merged with Al Ahli and Dubai to form Shabab Al-Ahli Dubai FC, it became a secondary stadium to Shabab Al Ahli. The stadium holds 12,000 spectators.
Herissantia is a small genus of flowering plants in the mallow family sometimes referred to as bladder mallows. These are five species of annual and perennial herbs with trailing stems and bladderlike fruits. They are native to the tropical and warm temperate Americas. The most widely distributed species is Herissantia crispa, which can be found on other continents as an introduced species.
Kualao Restaurant is a Lao restaurant in Vientiane, the capital city of Laos. It provides upscale Lao cuisine and showcases traditional Lao dance and music performances to its clientele.
El Museo Canario is an archeological museum in Las Palmas, the capital city of Gran Canaria in the Canary Islands. It is dedicated to the pre-colonial history of the Canary Islands.
Tappan Historic District is a national historic district located at Tappan in Rockland County, New York. It encompasses 26 contributing buildings and three contributing sites. The district consists of 30 properties that reflect the historic commercial and residential core of the late 18th and 19th century village of Tappan. The Reformed Church of Tappan, The Old 76 House, Borcher's Stable and The Burton Store are located within the district boundaries.
Tavas is a town and a district of Denizli Province of Turkey, on a wide plain on the road to Mula, near to the district of Kale. Population is around 12,720
The Bee-Line Bus System, branded on the buses in lowercase as the bee-line system, is a bus system serving Westchester County, New York. The system is owned by the county's Department of Public Works and Transportation.
Howard Joseph Kendrick III is an American professional baseball second baseman and first baseman for the Washington Nationals of Major League Baseball. The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim selected Kendrick in the tenth round of the 2002 Major League Baseball draft. He made his MLB debut in 2006. He has played in MLB for the Angels from 2006 to 2014, Los Angeles Dodgers from 2015 to 2016, the Philadelphia Phillies in 2017 and the Nationals from 2017 to present. In 2011, he appeared in the MLB All-Star Game. While primarily a second baseman throughout his career, he has also played first base and left field.
The Trans-Alaska Pipeline System is an oil transportation system spanning Alaska, including the trans-Alaska crude-oil pipeline, 11 pump stations, several hundred miles of feeder pipelines, and the Valdez Marine Terminal. TAPS is one of the world's largest pipeline systems. It is commonly called the Alaska pipeline, trans-Alaska pipeline, or Alyeska pipeline, but those terms technically apply only to the 800 miles of the pipeline with the diameter of 48 inches that conveys oil from Prudhoe Bay to Valdez, Alaska. The crude oil pipeline is privately owned by the Alyeska Pipeline Service Company.
"Love and Theft is an American country music group founded by Stephen Barker Liles, Eric Gunderson, and Brian Bandas, all three of whom alternated as lead singers and acoustic guitarists. Signed to Lyric Street Records subsidiary Carolwood Records in 2009, Love and Theft made their chart debut in early 2009 with the single ""Runaway,"" which reached the Top 10 on Billboard Hot Country Songs. The band's debut album, World Wide Open, was released on August 25, 2009.
Leshara is a village in Saunders County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 112 at the 2010 census.
Castelvetrano is a town and comune in the province of Trapani, Sicily, southern Italy. The archeological site of Selinunte is located within the municipal territory.
Boussières-en-Cambrésis is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Chishminsky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the fifty-four in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia. It is located in the center of the republic and borders with Kushnarenkovsky District in the north, Ufimsky District in the northeast and east, Karmaskalinsky District in the southeast, Davlekanovsky District in the south, and with Blagovarsky District in the west and northwest. The area of the district is 1,823.77 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the urban locality of Chishmy. As of the 2010 Census, the total population of the district was 52,344, with the population of the administrative center accounting for 40.5% of that number.
Gymnanthera oblonga is a species of vine in the family Apocynaceae from northern Australia, southeast Asia, New Guinea, and southern China.
"Stephen Atkins Swails was a soldier in the Union Army during the American Civil War. Although originally enlisting as a private, he was the first African-American soldier promoted to commissioned rank, as a line officer, in that conflict, as evidenced by the U.S. War Department's initial refusal of that promotion due to his ""African descent.""
Strathocles is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.
"Frank Roland ""Rolle"" Stoltz was a Swedish ice hockey defenceman. He competed in the 1960, 1964 and 1968 Olympics and finished in fifth, second and fourth place, respectively. At the world championships he won two gold, two silver and two bronze medals between 1957 and 1967, and was named the best defenseman in 1963. Stoltz also won European titles in 1957 and 1962, and was selected to the Swedish all-star team in 1959, 1960, 1963, 1964 and 1966. In 1999 he was inducted into the IIHF Hall of Fame.
Boa Vista do Ramos is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Amazonas. Its population was 12,286 and its area is 2,587 km².
East Globe is a census-designated place in Gila County, Arizona. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 226.
Graveron-Sémerville is a commune in the Eure department in northern France.
Flurlingen is a municipality in the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.
Osolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki lskie, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
The Yeilrmak is a river in northern Turkey. From its source north-east of Sivas, it flows past Tokat and Amasya, and reaches the Black Sea at Samsun after 418 km.
Sondel is a village in De Fryske Marren municipality in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands. It had a population of around 410 in 2017.
Bjørnsletta is a station on the Kolsås Line of the Oslo Metro. It serves the residential area of Øraker in Oslo, Norway and is served by Line 3. The station opened on 17 August 2010 and replaced two former stations: Bjørnsletta and Lysakerelven. Both these stations were closed in 2006 while the Kolsås Line was being upgraded from a light rail to a rapid transit. Bjørnsletta is 8.2 kilometres from Stortinget.
"Strike Fighter Squadron 204, also known as the ""River Rattlers"", is a U.S. Navy Reserve strike fighter squadron flying the F/A-18C/D Hornet. The squadron is based out of Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base New Orleans and is part of the United States Navy Reserve's Tactical Support Wing. Their radio callsign is River and their tail code is AF."
"Shamian is a sandbank island in the Liwan District of Guangzhou, Guangdong province, China. The island's name literally means ""sandy surface"" in Chinese.
Gägelow is a municipality in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
X-linked retinitis pigmentosa GTPase regulator-interacting protein 1 is a protein in the ciliary transition zone that in humans is encoded by the RPGRIP1 gene. RPGRIP1 is a multi-domain protein containing a coiled-coil domain at the N-terminus, two C2 domains and a C-terminal RPGR-interacting domain. Defects in the gene result in the Leber congenital amaurosis syndrome and in the eye disease glaucoma.
Mount Alvernia High School is a private high school with grades 7-12, an all-girls Roman Catholic high school in Newton, Massachusetts located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston.
Jamides elioti is a butterfly of the lycaenids or blues family. It is found in Sulawesi.
Bohuslavice is a village and municipality in Prostjov District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.
La Serena is a city and commune in northern Chile, capital of the Coquimbo Region. Founded in 1544, it is the country's second oldest city after the national capital, Santiago. As of 2012, it had a communal population of roughly 200,000, and was one of the fastest-growing areas of Chile.
The Belarusian ruble or rouble is the official currency of Belarus. The ruble is subdivided into 100 copecks.
The White Horseman is a 1921 American Western film serial directed by Albert Russell. The serial consisted of eighteen episodes and is now is considered lost although some print clippings are known to have survived.
An enema, also known as a clyster, is an injection of fluid into the lower bowel by way of the rectum. Also, the word enema can refer to the liquid so injected, as well as to a device for administering such an injection.
Sir Chettur Sankaran Nair, CIE was the President of the Indian National Congress in 1897 held at Amravati. Until present he is the only Keralite to hold the post.
Nikolay Mikhailovich Kharlamov was a Soviet military leader and admiral.
Blanche of Brittany was a daughter of John II, Duke of Brittany, and his wife Beatrice of England. She is also known as Blanche de Dreux. Through her mother she was the granddaughter of King Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence.
Alexander Comyn, 2nd Earl of Buchan was a Scoto-Norman magnate who was one of the most important figures in the 13th century Kingdom of Scotland. He was the son of William Comyn, jure uxoris Earl of Buchan, and Marjory, Countess of Buchan, the heiress of the last native Scottish Mormaer of Buchan, Fergus. He was the chief counsellor of Alexander III, King of Scots for the entire period of the king's majority and, as Scotland's leading magnate, played a key role in safeguarding the independence of the Scottish monarchy. During his long career, Alexander Comyn was Justiciar of Scotia, Constable of Scotland, Sheriff of Wigtown, Sheriff of Dingwall, Ballie of Inverie and finally, Guardian of Scotland during the first interregnum following the death of Alexander III. In 1284 he joined with other Scottish noblemen who acknowledged Margaret of Norway as the heiress to King Alexander. He died sometime after 10 July 1289.
Garronite-Ca is a fairly rare silicate mineral, from the zeolite, which has been found in a few dozen locations in the world. It was first found in the Glenariff Valley, Garron Plateau, County Antrim, Northern Ireland, and in some locations in Iceland. The name comes from the town of Garron, in Northern Ireland, which is consequently considered its type locality. The name initially used was that of Garronite, without subfixes, but the discovery in 2015 of a garronite with dominant sodium instead of calcium in the position of interchangeable cations made it necessary to use subfixes, remaining as Garronite-Ca, to distinguish it from the new species, Garronite-Na.
Chemalsky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the ten in the Altai Republic, Russia. It is located in the northwest of the republic. The area of the district is 3,016 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the rural locality of Chemal. As of the 2010 Census, the total population of the district was 9,441, with the population of Chemal accounting for 38.2% of that number.
St Mary's Church is in Fernyhalgh Lane, Broughton, Lancashire, England. It is a Roman Catholic church located near the shrine at Ladyewell House. The church was built in 1792–94 to provide services for pilgrims when the chapel at the house became too small for the numbers attending. Attached to the east of the church is the presbytery, and both are built in red brick with sandstone dressings with slate roofs. Near the church is a school built in 1836, and later used for other purposes. Ladyewell House contains a 16th-century altar, relics and memorabilia, and in garden are a chapel and a holy well. The church and house are in active use for church services, pilgrimages, and visitors.
"The Hollywood Heritage Museum, also known as the ""Hollywood Studio Museum,"" is located on Highland Ave. in Hollywood, California, United States.
Sexsmith is a town in northern Alberta, Canada. It is located on Highway 2, 20 kilometres north of the City of Grande Prairie.
Meredith Township is a township in Cloud County, Kansas, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 77.
Urugi is a village located in Nagano Prefecture, Japan. As of 1 April 2019, the village had an estimated population of 552 in 274 households, and a population density of 13 persons per km². The total area of the village is 43.43 square kilometres.
Louise-Amélie Panet was an artist, educator and writer living in Lower Canada.
The 919th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the Spokane Air Defense Sector, Air Defense Command, stationed at Saskatoon Mountain Air Station, Alberta, Canada. It was inactivated on 1 April 1963.
Cezayirli Gazi Hasan Pasha Monument is a monument in Çeme ilçe of zmir Province. The monument is situated in Çeme downtown in front of the historical castle at 38°1925N 26°1810E
Shij-miya Station is a tram stop in Shimogy-ku, Kyoto, Japan. The station is the eastern terminus of the Randen Arashiyama Line, which continues west through Ukyo-ku, and terminates at Arashiyama.
K M Baharul Islam is presently the Dean at Indian Institute of Management Kashipur. He is also the Chairperson of the Centre of Excellence in Public Policy and Government at the same institute. He was elected as a Fellow of the Royal Asiatic Society of Great Britain and Ireland on 18 March 2020.
The Church of Saint Julia is a Roman Catholic place of worship located in the city of Turin, Italy.
Kelpo Olavi Gröndahl was a light-heavyweight Greco-Roman wrestler from Finland. He competed at the 1948 and 1952 Olympics and won a silver and a gold medal, respectively. He won another silver medal at the 1953 World Championships and finished fifth at the 1947 European Championships. Domestically he won 15 national titles, 11 in Greco-Roman and 4 in freestyle wrestling.
Cabazon Dinosaurs, formerly Claude Bell's Dinosaurs, is a roadside attraction in Cabazon, California, featuring two enormous, steel-and-concrete dinosaurs named Dinny the Dinosaur and Mr. Rex. Located just west of Palm Springs, the 150-foot-long Brontosaurus and the 65-foot-tall Tyrannosaurus rex are visible from the freeway to travelers passing by on Southern California's Interstate 10. The roadside dinosaurs are best known for their appearance in the film Pee-wee's Big Adventure.
The Broad Sound Channel Inner Range Lights were a pair of lighthouses in Boston Harbor. They were removed around 1950 when the channel they helped to mark was superseded by a parallel channel to the north.
Brandon Hall is a light rail stop on the MBTA Green Line C branch in Brookline, Massachusetts. The station is named for Brandon Hall, a large hotel built in 1904 just south of the station. After housing 400 SPARS during World War II, it burned on April 26, 1947, but the station retained its name.
"Siniolchu is one of the tallest mountains of the Indian state of Sikkim. The 6,888 metres mountain is considered to be particularly aesthetically attractive, having been described by Douglas Freshfield as ""the most superb triumph of mountain architecture and the most beautiful snow mountain in the world"". It is situated near the green lake adjacent to Kangchenjunga, the highest peak in the state and third highest in the world.
Gabriel Veyre was an early film director and photographer born in France, but mainly known for his work in Mexico, Indochina and Morocco.
Claude-Francois Joseph Louis Receveur O.F.M. Conv.., was a French friar priest, naturalist and astronomer who sailed with Jean-François de Galaup, comte de La Pérouse.
Keenan Wayne McCardell is a former American football wide receiver who played 17 seasons in the National Football League. He played college football for the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. He was drafted by the Washington Redskins in the 12th round of the 1991 NFL Draft, and he was also a member of the Cleveland Browns, Jacksonville Jaguars, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, San Diego Chargers and Houston Texans. A two-time Pro Bowl selection, McCardell won two Super Bowl rings, with the Redskins in 1991 and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2002. He is currently the wide receivers coach for the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Claudia Ciesla is a Polish-German actress and model who works mainly in the Indian film industry. She was a contestant on the Indian reality television series Bigg Boss.
Geehi Dam is a major ungated rockfill embankment dam across the Geehi River in the Snowy Mountains of New South Wales, Australia. The reservoir impounded by the dam is known as Geehi Reservoir.
Nickel titanium, also known as Nitinol, is a metal alloy of nickel and titanium, where the two elements are present in roughly equal atomic percentages. Different alloys are named according to the weight percentage of Nickel, e.g. Nitinol 55 and Nitinol 60. It exhibits the shape memory effect and superelasticity at different temperatures.
Wallops Flight Facility is a rocket launch site on Wallops Island on the Eastern Shore of Virginia, United States, just east of the Delmarva Peninsula and approximately 100 miles north-northeast of Norfolk. The facility is operated by the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, and primarily serves to support science and exploration missions for NASA and other Federal agencies. WFF includes an extensively instrumented range to support launches of more than a dozen types of sounding rockets; small expendable suborbital and orbital rockets; high-altitude balloon flights carrying scientific instruments for atmospheric and astronomical research; and, using its Research Airport, flight tests of aeronautical research aircraft, including unmanned aerial vehicles.
Flavio David Caicedo Gracia is an Ecuadorian international footballer who plays for River Ecuador, as a midfielder.
The Hungarian Civic Revolution and War of Independence of 1848-1849 was one of many European Revolutions of 1848 and closely linked to other revolutions of 1848 in the Habsburg areas. Being one of the most determinative events in Hungary's modern history, it is also one of the cornerstones of the Hungarian national identity. The crucial turning point of the events were the April laws which were ratified by King Ferdinand I, however the new young Austrian monarch Franz Joseph I arbitrarily revoked the laws without any legal competence. This unconstitutional act irreversibly escalated the conflict between the Hungarian parliament and Franz Joseph. The new constrained Stadion Constitution of Austria, the revocation of the April laws and the Austrian military campaign against the Kingdom of Hungary resulted in the fall of the pacifist Batthyány government and led to the sudden emergence of Lajos Kossuth's followers in the parliament, who demanded the full independence of Hungary.
Phaulopsis imbricata is a shrub native to South Africa. It is also known as Himalayan ruellia. Leaves are opposite, one larger than the other in each pair, usually asymmetrical at the base. Phaulopsis imbricata is a good fodder, the young leaves are eaten as a vegetable and the plant-ash in oil is rubbed into scarifications on the back for rheumatism in Tanganyika. The flowers have an unpleasant smell. It is filed as near-threatened by the IUCN. It is one of the larval host plants of the butterflies great eggfly, tiny grass blue, brown pansy, soldier pansy and marbled elf.
Suroboyo Bridge or commonly known as Kenjeran Bridge is a through arch bridge across the coastal area of Eastern Surabaya in Kenjeran Beach, District Kenjeran, Surabaya, East Java, Indonesia. This bridge has a length of 800 meters with a width of 18 meters and a height of 12 meters which is held with 150 stakes. The design of the bridge is built in a circle with a view of the fountain in the center of bridge.
The Siege of Ulsan was an unsuccessful Ming-Joseon attempt to capture Ulsan from the Japanese. The siege lasted from 26 January to 19 February 1598.
Dayco Products, formerly known as Mark IV Industries, is an American parts supplier for construction, automotive, and industrial companies. The companies annual earnings are approximately US$150 million. Its main customers include Caterpillar and General Motors.
Kara Estelle Winger is an American track and field athlete who competes in the javelin throw. She is the American record holder in the javelin throw with a distance of 66.67 m.
Milton Township is a civil township of Cass County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 3,878 at the 2010 census, up from 2,646 at the 2000 census.
The steamboat Rosalie operated from 1893 to 1918 as part of the Puget Sound Mosquito Fleet, also operating out of Victoria, B.C. In 1898, Rosalie went north with many other Puget Sound steamboats to join the Klondike Gold Rush.
Mooney's Bay is an O-Train station along the Trillium Line located near Heron Road and Bronson Avenue in Ottawa, Ontario, which primarily serves the Government of Canada offices in the Confederation Heights area, and students from Brookfield High School. In 2011, a pedestrian and cyclist path was built to provide a direct link between Mooney's Bay Station and Brookfield Road.
Mersin Archaeological Museum is a museum in Mersin, Turkey
"The Donegall Road is a residential area and road traffic thoroughfare that runs from Shaftesbury Square on what was once called the ""Golden Mile"" to the Falls Road in west Belfast. The road is bisected by the Westlink – M1 motorway. The largest section of the road, east of the Broadway junction with the Westlink, has a community which self-identifies as predominantly Protestant while the community on the other side of the Westlink – M1 motorway self-identifies as predominantly Catholic."
Asian Highway 11 is a road in the Asian Highway Network running 1567 km from Vientiane, Laos to Sihanoukville, Cambodia connecting AH12 to AH1 and continuing to Gulf of Thailand. This international highway connects capitals of Laos and Cambodia.
Alto Paraíso de Goiás, usually referred to as Alto Paraíso, is a municipality located in the northeastern region of the state of Goiás, Brazil. The city is located in the Chapada dos Veadeiros and, since 2001, in the environmental protection area of Pouso Alto. Alto Paraíso is about 220 km from Brasilia/DF and 412 km from Goiânia/GO. Alto Paraíso is located in the central Brazilian Highlands, a region characterized by the cerrado biome, also known as the Brazilian savannah. The region offers many natural and cultural attractions related to the ecotourism.
Caraceni was founded in Rome in 1913 by the father of Italian tailoring, Domenico Caraceni. At one point in the 1930s, Domenico and his family operated ateliers in Rome, Milan and Paris. The Paris atelier was operated by Domenico's brother, Augusto, who closed his atelier when Mussolini declared war on France.
St. John's Church, commonly known as Grub Hill Church, is a historic Episcopalian church located between the communities of Amelia Court House and Chula in rural Amelia County, Virginia, United States. The church was originally established on the site in the mid-1700s; the current structure was built in 1852, and consists of a one-story gable-roofed brick structure in a vernacular Gothic Revival style.
Clive Malcolm Gregory is a British Anglican bishop. Since 2007, he has served as the Bishop of Wolverhampton, an area bishop in the Diocese of Lichfield.
"Malena ""Male"" Pichot is an Argentine feminist stand-up comedian, actress and screenwriter."
In the mathematical field of graph theory, the Bidiakis cube is a 3-regular graph with 12 vertices and 18 edges.
Jackson Township is one of the fourteen townships of Clermont County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census the population was 2,980.
Elk Mountain is a 6,773 feet summit located in the Olympic Mountains, in Clallam County of Washington state. It is set within Olympic National Park and is situated at the eastern end of Hurricane Ridge. Its nearest higher peak is McCartney Peak, 5.12 mi to the south-southwest. Precipitation runoff from the south slope of the mountain drains into tributaries of the Dungeness River, whereas the north slope is drained by tributaries of Morse Creek which thence empties into the Strait of Juan de Fuca.
Bruce Faulkner Caputo is an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Calder Highway is a highway in Australia, linking Melbourne in Victoria, to Bendigo and Mildura and the Victoria/New South Wales border on the way to Broken Hill. It continues through New South Wales to Broken Hill, Tibooburra and the New South Wales/Queensland border as the Silver City Highway, posted as route B79 as far as Broken Hill.
Cappoquin, also spelt Cappaquin or Capaquin, is a town in west County Waterford, Ireland. It is on the Blackwater river at the junction of the N72 national secondary road and the R669 regional road. It is positioned on a sharp 90-degree bend in the river and nestles at the foot of the Knockmealdown Mountains. The town is a few miles from Mount Melleray and Lismore, County Waterford.
Tábara Arriba is a municipality of the Azua province in the Dominican Republic.
Johannes Voigtmann is a German professional basketball player for CSKA Moscow of the VTB United League and the EuroLeague. He is also a member of the senior German national team. He is a 2.14 m tall center.
Academic Park is a park in Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is situated in the neighborhood of Studentski Trg, in the downtown. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Stari Grad. Built from 1886 to 1889, Academic Park is one of the oldest parks in Belgrade.
Kurakhove Power Station is a thermal power plant on Volycha river 15 kilometres from Kurakhove in Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine.
Farid Benstiti is a French football coach and former player who played as a midfielder. He is currently the head coach of OL Reign in the National Women's Soccer League.
Friedrichsgraben is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Salvelinus willughbii, also known as the Windermere charr, is a cold-water fish in the family Salmonidae. Its binomial species name commemorates Francis Willughby. Willughby and John Ray had described this fish and its relatives in two Welsh lakes in 1662, recognising these charr as differing from other salmon-like species.
Charlotte Ramel, is a Swedish actress and director. She has been active in both films and theater, acting in TV series like Rederiet, and films like Falsk som vatten.
Nantasket Junction is an MBTA Commuter Rail station in Hingham, Massachusetts. It serves the Greenbush Line. It is located off Chief Justice Cushing Highway east of downtown Hingham. It consists of a single side platform serving the line's one track. The station is fully accessible.
Faye-la-Vineuse is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
East Whiteland Township is a township in Chester County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 10,650 at the 2010 census. Mailing addresses associated with East Whiteland include Malvern, Frazer, and a small area of Exton.
Game of the Seven Kingdoms is a seven-player variant of the game xiangqi. It is traditionally ascribed to Sima Guang, although he died well before the 13th century, to which this game is traditionally dated. There is skepticism regarding the game's 13th-century formulation.
Renville County is a county in the U.S. state of Minnesota. As of the 2010 United States Census the population was 15,730. Its county seat is Olivia.
Misia Furtak is a Polish singer, bassist and journalist known as a member of the indie rock group Très.b, active between 2005 and 2014.
Froland is a municipality in Agder county, Norway. It is part of the traditional region of Sørlandet. The administrative center is the village of Blakstad, which along with Osedalen form the main population center of the municipality. Other villages in Froland include Bøylefoss, Bøylestad, Froland, Frolands verk, Heldalsmo, Hinnebu, Hynnekleiv, Jomås, Lauvrak, Libru, Løvjomås, Mjåvatn, Mjølhus, Mykland, and Risdal.
Paul Clive Deighton, Baron Deighton, KBE is a British Conservative politician who served as Commercial Secretary to HM Treasury from January 2013 to May 2015. Deighton is a former investment banker who previously served as Chief Executive of the London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games, the organisation responsible for planning the 2012 Summer Olympics and Paralympics.
Panacea prola, the prola beauty or red flasher, is a species of butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is found from Costa Rica to southern Brazil, but is most common in the foothills of the eastern Peruvian Andes.
Kyushu Lutheran College has its roots in Kyushu Jo-Gakuin, originally established as a girl's high school in 1926. A women's junior college opened in 1975 and the current four-year college opened its doors to women and men in 1997. The Rev. Dr. Yoshiro Ishida was the college's first president. The Rev. Naohiro Kiyoshige has been serving as college president since 2002.
Dmitri Sokolov is a Russian professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental team Lokosphinx. He rode in the men's team pursuit at the 2016 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.
Ise-Shima National Park is a national park in Mie Prefecture, Japan. It is characterized by its ria coast and islands scattered around a number of bays. The interior is hilly with Mount Asama-ga-take
The flag of Georgia, also known as the Five Cross Flag has a white rectangle, with in its central portion a large red cross that extends to the edge of the flag. In the four corners there are four Bolnur-Katskhuri crosses of the same color.
ROKS Dae Jo-yeong (DDH-977) is a Chungmugong Yi Sun-sin-class destroyer in the Republic of Korea Navy. She is named after Dae Jo-yeong.
Kanthalloor is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.It is a village nestled in the Western Ghats of India. The salubrious climate and the picturesque landscapes and wide variety of tropical crops coupled with the close proximity of Munnar, has transformed this village into a tourist destination.
Élise Delzenne is a French former professional road and track racing cyclist, who competed professionally between 2013 and 2017 for the Bourgogne–Pro Dialog, Velocio–SRAM and Lotto–Soudal Ladies teams. She was the winner of the 2013 French National Road Race Championships. In 2015, she finished second in individual pursuit and points race at the European Track Championships.
The Negev is a 5.56×45mm NATO light machine gun developed by the Israeli firearm manufacturer, Israel Weapon Industries of Ramat HaSharon.
Tilburstow Hill is a 9-hectare nature reserve south-east of Godstone in Surrey. It is managed by the Surrey Wildlife Trust.
Adrianos Komnenos was a Byzantine aristocrat and general, and a younger brother of the Byzantine emperor Alexios I Komnenos.
Derecske is a district in central-eastern part of Hajdú-Bihar County. Derecske is also the name of the town where the district seat is found. The district is located in the Northern Great Plain Statistical Region.
The Taganrog Drama Theater named after Anton Chekhov and decorated with Order of Honor is a traditional Russian drama theater based in Taganrog, Rostov Oblast.
Subsea 7 S.A. is a Luxembourgish-domiciled subsea engineering, construction and services company serving the offshore energy industry. The company is registered in Luxembourg with its headquarters in London.
"Frances ""Fanny"" Blood was an English illustrator and educator and longtime friend of Mary Wollstonecraft."
La Rochelle is a city in southwestern France and a seaport on the Bay of Biscay, a part of the Atlantic Ocean. It is the capital of the Charente-Maritime department.
Croydon railway station is located on the Grange and Outer Harbor lines. Situated in the western Adelaide suburb of Croydon, it is 4.2 kilometres from Adelaide station.
"Horst is a village in the Dutch province of Limburg. It is located in the municipality of Horst aan de Maas. Although the municipality is named after the village, Horst itself is not called ""aan de Maas"", because it does not lie Director on the River Meuse.
Synanceia verrucosa is a species of venomous fish in the family Synanceiidae, commonly known as the reef stonefish. It is the most widespread species of stonefish, mostly found in shallow waters of the Red Sea and the Indo-Pacific. It is the deadliest fish in the sea, with incredibly effective venom which can be lethal to humans.
San Buenaventura Municipality is the second municipal section of the Abel Iturralde Province located in the La Paz Department in Bolivia. Its seat is San Buenaventura
A fontanelle is an anatomical feature of the infant human skull comprising any of the soft membranous gaps between the cranial bones that make up the calvaria of a fetus or an infant. Fontanelles allow for rapid stretching and deformation of the neurocranium as the brain expands faster than the surrounding bone can grow. Premature complete ossification of the sutures is called craniosynostosis.
Object 775 was a Soviet experimental missile tank built in 1964.
Watlington Primary School is a coeducational primary school in Watlington, Oxfordshire, England. It is located next to Icknield Community College.
Warszowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawowice, within Pszczyna County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 17 kilometres west of Pszczyna and 35 km south-west of the regional capital Katowice.
Charles Van Dell Johnson was an American film, television, theatre and radio actor, singer, and dancer. He was a major star at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer during and after World War II.
Paracrinoidea is an extinct class of blastozoan echinoderms. They lived in shallow seas during the Early Ordovician through the Early Silurian. While blastozoans are usually characterized by types of respiratory structures present, it is not clear what types of respiratory structures paracrinoids likely had. Despite the taxon's name, the paracrinoids are not closely related to crinoids.
Chameleons or chamaeleons are a distinctive and highly specialized clade of Old World lizards with 202 species described as of June 2015. These species come in a range of colors, and many species have the ability to change color.
Colombia is a station on Line 8 and Line 9 of the Madrid Metro. It is located in fare Zone A.
Unchair is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
The Free China Relief Association is a Non-Governmental Organization headquartered in Taipei, Republic of China. The organization specializes in forced migration, refugee assistance and disaster relief.
Cordyline australis, commonly known as the cabbage tree or cabbage-palm, is a widely branched monocot tree endemic to New Zealand.
Essert-sous-Champvent was a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2012 the former municipalities of Essert-sous-Champvent and Villars-sous-Champvent became part of the municipality called Champvent.
The Wayside Chapel is a charity and Parish Mission of the Uniting Church in Australia in the Potts Point area of Sydney. Situated near Sydney's most prominent red-light district in Kings Cross, the Wayside Chapel offers programs and services which attempt to ensure access to health, welfare, social and recreation services. The centre assists homeless people and others on the margins of society.
Museum of Contemporary Art is an art museum located in Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It was founded in 1958 as the Modern Gallery. It was moved into the current building in the Uše neighborhood of New Belgrade in 1965. The building is a masterpiece of architects Ivan Anti and Ivanka Raspopovi, a short-lived but highly successful partnership, which also produced the 21 October Museum in Šumarice Memorial Park in Kragujevac. The collection contains more than 35,000 works of art.
Ednam House is a historic home located near Ednam, Albemarle County, Virginia. It was designed by Richmond architect D. Wiley Anderson in Colonial Revival style. It was built about 1905, and is a two-story, wood-frame structure sheathed in weatherboards and set on a low, brick foundation. The main block is covered by a steep deck-on-hip roof, with tall, brick, pilastered chimneys with corbeled caps projecting from the roof on each elevation. Attached to the main block are a series of rear ells covered by low-hipped roofs. The front facade features an original colossal two-story portico consisting of four unfluted Ionic order columns.
The School of Hotel Administration at Cornell University is a specialized business school in the SC Johnson College of Business at Cornell University, a private Ivy League university located in Ithaca, New York. Founded in 1922, it was the world's first four-year intercollegiate school devoted to hospitality management.
German Township is one of the twelve townships of Fulton County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 6,443 people in the township, 2,097 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Elizabeth Garver Jordan was an American journalist, author, editor, and suffragist, now remembered primarily for having edited the first two novels of Sinclair Lewis, and for her relationship with Henry James, especially for recruiting him to participate in the round-robin novel The Whole Family. She was editor of Harper's Bazaar from 1900 to 1913.
"Amursana was an 18th-century taishi or prince of the Khoit-Oirat tribe that ruled over parts of Dzungaria and Altishahr in present-day northwest China. Known as the last great Oirat hero, Amursana was the last of the Dzungar rulers. The defeat of his rebel forces by Qing dynasty Chinese armies in the late 1750s signaled the final extinction of Mongol influence and power in Inner Asia, ensured the incorporation of Mongol territory into the Qing Chinese Empire, and brought about the Dzungar genocide, the Qing Emperor's ""final solution"" to China's northwest frontier problems."
Fushimi Inari-taisha is the head shrine of the kami Inari, located in Fushimi-ku, Kyoto, Kyoto Prefecture, Japan. The shrine sits at the base of a mountain also named Inari which is 233 metres above sea level, and includes trails up the mountain to many smaller shrines which span 4 kilometres and take approximately 2 hours to walk up.
USS Kendrick was a Benson-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She was named for Charles S. Kendrick.
Bill 30 Health Statutes Amendment Act, 2020, an omnibus bill, was introduced on July 6, 2020, by the Canadian province of Alberta's United Conservative Party's Minister of Health Tyler Shandro. Its passed its 1st reading on July 6, its 2nd reading on July 23, and its 3rd reading on July 29. It was the last piece of legislation during the spring session of the 30th Alberta Legislature.
Voussac is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Rayville is a town in and the parish seat of Richland Parish in northeastern Louisiana, United States. The population, which is 69 percent African American, was 4,234 at the 2000 census, but it had declined by nearly 13 percent in 2010 to 3,695.
Richard R. Kiddle House is a historic house in Friend, Nebraska. It was built in 1886 by carpenter Richard R. Kiddle, and designed in the Second Empire architectural style. According to Jenifer R. Sheary of the Nebraska State Historical Society,
We are all Americans is a song written during World War I with music composed by Carrie Jacobs-Bond and lyrics written by Fanny Hodges Newman. It is found in the Library of Congress record of notable music.
Aaron Yoo is a Korean American actor. He is best known for appearing in the films Disturbia, 21 and Friday the 13th as well as playing Russell Kwon in the sci-fi series The Tomorrow People.
Han Geng is a Chinese Mandopop singer and actor.
White Sands is a census-designated place in Doña Ana County, New Mexico, United States. It consists of the main residential area on the White Sands Missile Range. As of the 2010 census the population of the CDP was 1,651. It is part of the Las Cruces Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Chybie is a village and the seat of Gmina Chybie in Cieszyn County, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland. It has a population of 3,903.
Stupino is a town and the administrative center of Stupinsky District in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located on the Oka River, 99 kilometers south of Moscow. Population: 66,816; 63,124; 74,476.
Jessica June Rowe AM is an Australian journalist, author and television presenter. She was the co-host of Studio 10 on Network Ten until March 2018, and is Member of the Order of Australia for her mental health advocacy.
The Kudrinskaya Square Building is a building in Moscow, one of seven Stalinist skyscrapers, designed by Mikhail Posokhin and Ashot Mndoyants.
"Cornelia Isabella ""Cori"" Bargmann is an American neurobiologist. She is known for her work on the genetic and neural circuit mechanisms of behavior using C. elegans, particularly the mechanisms of olfaction in the worm. She has been elected to the National Academy of Sciences and had been a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator at UCSF and then Rockefeller University from 1995 to 2016. It was announced on September 21, 2016 that she had been named the incoming president of science at the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, effective October 1, 2016. In 2012 she was awarded the $1 million Kavli Prize, and in 2013 the $3 million Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences."
The 2017 La Course by Le Tour de France with FDJ was the fourth edition of La Course by Le Tour de France, a women's cycle race held in France. The race was held before stage 18 of the 2017 Tour de France, between Briançon and the Col d'Izoard, on 20 July, and was followed by a pursuit race before stage 20 of the Tour de France. It was organised by the ASO. The first day counted also as the thirteenth race of the 2017 UCI Women's World Tour.
Bluewater is a town and coastal suburb in the City of Townsville, Queensland, Australia. The coastal town of Bluewater Beach is also within the suburb. At the 2016 census, Bluewater recorded a population of 1,040 people.
Anthony Revolori is an American actor. He is known for playing Zero Moustafa in Wes Anderson's critically acclaimed film The Grand Budapest Hotel. He played a role in Rhett and Link's Buddy System and Flash Thompson in the Marvel Cinematic Universe films Spider-Man: Homecoming and Spider-Man: Far From Home.
Camp Olmsted is a summer camp and retreat in Cornwall-on-Hudson, New York, operated by the Five Points Mission, a Methodist organization. It is located along Bayview Avenue, NY 218, near Storm King Mountain.
The Battle of Seven Pines, also known as the Battle of Fair Oaks or Fair Oaks Station, took place on May 31 and June 1, 1862, in Henrico County, Virginia, as part of the Peninsula Campaign of the American Civil War. It was the culmination of an offensive up the Virginia Peninsula by Union Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan, in which the Army of the Potomac reached the outskirts of Richmond.
The Nittele Tower is a structural expressionist office building located in Minato, Tokyo, Japan. It houses the headquarters of Nippon Television. The 32-storey building has a height of 192 metres. Construction was finished in 2003.
Minster is a village in Auglaize and Shelby counties, in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 2,805 at the 2010 census. It is included in the Wapakoneta, Ohio Micropolitan Statistical Area. It is adjacent to the village of New Bremen to the north.
"Ratt is an American heavy metal band that had significant commercial success in the 1980s, with their albums having been certified as gold, platinum, and multi-platinum by the RIAA. The group is perhaps best known for hit singles such as ""Round and Round"" and ""Lay It Down"", each track having ranked on Billboard's top 40, as numbers 12 and 40, respectively. Other songs such as ""Wanted Man"", ""You're in Love"" and ""Dance"" also have ranked there.
Lourmarin is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France. Its inhabitants are called Lourmarinois.
Lessebo is an urban area in the county of Kronoberg in Sweden. It is the seat of Lessebo Municipality.
Phidim Municipality is the headquarters of the Panchthar District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal. Phidim was upgraded to a 'municipality' from a 'village', when a development committee merged with other VDCs - including the Phidim, Chokmagu and Siwa villages - on May 18, 2014. It offers a route for trekkers and locals, who travel to and from the Taplejung district bordering with the Tibetan Autonomous Region of China. It is also a commercial hub for the rural surroundings.
Zakariyau Idrees-Oboh Oseni, is a prominent Arabic and Islamic Studies Scholar, an Imam and a poet from Nigeria. He was trained at the University of Ibadan where he obtained a Certificate in Arabic & Islamic Studies, B. A. First Class Hons. in Arabic Language and Literature, M. A. in Arabic & Islamic Studies and PhD. in Arabic Language & Literature. He has over 33 years' experience in lecturing in Arabic Studies and aspects of Islamic Studies. He has over 100 publications in Arabic, Islamic Studies and Literature out of which are three collections of poems in English, three plays and a collection of short stories in Arabic, and a collection of Afenmai Proverbs translated and annotated. He is an editorial consultant to fifteen academic journals in Nigeria and beyond. He was the Head of the multidisciplinary Department of Religions and the Department of Arabic, University of Ilorin. He served as a Visiting Professor and Head, Department of Languages, Al-Hikmah University, Ilorin, from October 2011 to October 2012. He also served as the Dean, Faculty of Arts, University of Ilorin, Ilorin from 2009 to 2011. He is currently the Head of Department of Arabic, University of Ilorin.
Mihajlo Caki is a Serbian footballer who plays for Sineli Beograd.
Port San Juan is an inlet along the Pacific coast of Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada. It was formed from the San Juan and Leech River faults which flank the northern and southern slopes of the San Juan Valley. The San Juan and Gordon rivers empty into the inlet from the northeast.
The Bergamasque Alps or Bergamo Alps are a mountain range in the Italian Alps. They are located in northern Lombardy and named after the city Bergamo, south of the mountains. Within the Eastern Alps, the Alpine Club or AVE system places them within the Western Limestone Alps, while the SOIUSA system classifies them within the Southeastern Alps.
Ghantasala is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is 21 km west of Machilipatnam and 11 km east of Krishna River. The largest city of this district, Vijaywada, is around 60 km away. It is a rare and reputed center for Buddhist sculptures.
Bloomer is a city in Chippewa County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population of the city of Bloomer was 3,539.
The hooded tanager is a species of bird in the tanager family Thraupidae.
Montezuma is a town in Reserve Township, Parke County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 1,022 at the 2010 census.
The coat of arms of Buzu is the heraldic symbol standing for the city of Buzu, Romania. The city's first recorded coat of arms dates back to 1831, and since then, the coat of arms has mostly kept its features, under different designs.
Hoopfest is an annual outdoor 3-on-3 basketball tournament held in downtown Spokane, Washington.
St Thomas' Church is in Lancaster Road, Preston, Lancashire, England. It has historically been an Anglican parish church, and now used by City Church Preston, an AOG GB church. The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
The Imam Turki bin Abdullah Mosque is an active place of worship in Riyadh named after Turki bin Abdullah bin Muhammad. Seating 17,000 worshippers and measuring 16,800 m2, it is one of the largest mosques in Saudi Arabia.
Adolf Avraham Berman was a Polish-Israeli activist and communist politician.
Bogs & Voigt was a piano manufacturer in Berlin, Germany.
Mueang Nong Bua Lam Phu District is the capital district of Nong Bua Lam Phu Province, northeastern Thailand.
Oleg Nikolayevich Grebnev is a retired Russian team handball player who competed at the 1992 and 1996 Summer Olympics. He won a gold medal in 1992 and finished fifth in 1996. He also won the world title in 1993 and 1997 and a European title in 1996.
"John Calvin Wilson House is a historic home located near Indiantown, Williamsburg County, South Carolina. It was built about 1847, and is a two-story, five bay, frame central-hall plan I-house. It features a shed roofed, one-story ""Carolina"" or ""rain porch"" supported by four stuccoed brick columns. A one-story frame rear wing was added in 1939. John Calvin Wilson was a politician and a successful planter. He died at Richmond, Virginia of complications from a thigh wound sustained in the Battle of Cold Harbor.
Muhammad Sharif (cosmologist), TI, FPAS, is a Pakistani professor, specialised in mathematical physics and cosmology. He is the chairman of the department of Mathematics, University of the Punjab, Lahore. Sharif is a Higher Education Commission Distinguished National Professor. He has been awarded with the Izaz-Fazeelat and Tamgha-i-Imtiaz by the government of Pakistan.
"Team Dresch is an American queercore/punk rock band from Portland, Oregon, originally formed in Olympia, Washington, which was initially active from 1993 until 1998. The band made a significant impression on the DIY movement queercore, which gave voice through zines and music to the passions and concerns of those in both the LGBT community and the punk subculture. All bandmembers were open lesbians. Washington Post writer Chris Richards called their debut album, 1995's Personal Best, ""a fiery, all-but-forgotten punk masterpiece."" In the early 2000s, Team Dresch reunited, and they continue to perform. In March 2019, the band announced they would be reissuing their entire catalogue via Jealous Butcher Records. Along with reissuing their catalogue, the band is also plotting an upcoming tour, though dates haven't been announced. This came alongside the release of a new video for the band's classic track ""Fagetarian and Dyke."" The new visual featured never-before-seen live footage of the group, offering a glimpse into the wild moshpit-filled shows of their heyday."
Atascocita High School is a secondary school located in Atascocita CDP, a community housed in unincorporated Harris County, Texas, United States. AHS is a part of Humble Independent School District and serves the eastern part of the district and small portions of the city of Houston.
François-Marie-Anatole de Rovérié de Cabrières was a French Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Bishop of Montpellier from 1874 until his death, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1911.
Atenas is the fifth canton in the province of Alajuela in Costa Rica. The canton covers an area of 127.19 square kilometres, and has a population of 27,112. The capital city of the canton is also called Atenas.
Darby Township is one of the fourteen townships of Union County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 2,060 people in the township.
John Edward Farrell is a former Major League Baseball pitcher, coach, and manager, who is currently a scout for the Cincinnati Reds and a FOX and ESPN baseball analyst.
Henrietta Maria of France was the youngest daughter of Henry IV of France and Marie de' Medici. She was born in the Louvre Palace in Paris on November 25, 1609. She was a Roman Catholic.
Maryland Route 632 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Maryland. Known as Downsville Pike, the state highway runs 6.71 miles from MD 63 in Downsville north to Maryland Avenue in Hagerstown. MD 632 was constructed along the path of a former turnpike in the late 1930s. The state highway's interchange with Interstate 70 opened in 1999.
The Blue Mosque, also known as the Shrine of Hazrat Ali, is a mosque located in the center of Mazar-i-Sharif in the northern Balkh Province of Afghanistan.
"The U-Drop Inn, also known as Tower Station and U-Drop Inn and Tower Café, was built in 1936 in Shamrock, Texas along the historic Route 66 highway. Inspired by the image of a nail stuck in soil, the building was designed by J. C. Berry. An unusual example of art deco architecture applied to a gas station and restaurant, the building features two flared towers with geometric detailing, curvilinear massing, glazed ceramic tile walls, and neon light accents. It has traditionally held two separate business: ""Tower Station"", a gas station on the western side, and the ""U-Drop Inn"", a café on the eastern side. Though it has passed hands several times in its history, the building has consistently housed the same types of businesses it was originally constructed for.
Harbiye Muhsin Erturul Stage is a theatre venue located in Harbiye neighborhood of ili district in Istanbul, Turkey. It is owned by Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality and operated by its City Theatres division. The theatre is named in honor of the Turkish stage actor and director Muhsin Erturul.
Big Little Lies is an American drama television series based on the 2014 novel of the same name by Liane Moriarty. Created by David E. Kelley, it premiered on HBO on February 19, 2017. The seven-episode first season was written by Kelley and directed by Jean-Marc Vallée. Despite being originally billed as a miniseries, HBO renewed the series for a second season. Production on the second season began in March 2018 and it premiered on June 9, 2019. All seven episodes were written by Kelley and directed by Andrea Arnold.
Wife Apparent is a 1956 book by the English author Dornford Yates, his last novel. The book was originally to be called Lady-in-Waiting, but this had to be changed at the last moment as another book with the same title was scheduled to appear at about the same time.
Gorakhpur Airport is an airport located in Gorakhpur, in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India. The Airports Authority of India operates it as a civil enclave at the Gorakhpur Air Force Station of the Indian Air Force. From the city the airport is 5 miles. The airport covers an area of 0.71 acres. In June 2017, the Civil Terminal building was inaugurated by Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh Yogi Adityanath. It will be expanded in the following months together with a conveyor belt.
Amphiblemma is a genus of flowering plants in the family Melastomataceae. There are at least 15 species distributed in the evergreen forests of Africa.
Herbert Brough Falcon Marshall was an English stage, screen and radio actor who, despite losing a leg during the First World War, starred in many popular and well-regarded Hollywood films in the 1930s and 1940s. After a successful theatrical career in the United Kingdom and North America, he became an in-demand Hollywood leading man, frequently appearing in romantic melodramas and occasional comedies. In his later years, he turned to character acting.
Duvvuri Subbamma was an Indian independence activist who played an important role in the Indian independence movement. She was one of the founders of the women's congress committee.
The Dhanbad–Alappuzha Express is an express train belonging to East Central Railway zone that runs between Dhanbad Junction and Alappuzha in India. It is currently being operated with 13351/13352 train numbers on daily basis, earlier it runs between bokaro and chennai so it was named as Bokaro-Madrass express.
Rosalie Emslie was a British artist known for her landscape and portrait paintings.
Tidore is a city, island, and archipelago in the Maluku Islands of eastern Indonesia, west of the larger island of Halmahera. In the pre-colonial era, the Sultanate of Tidore was a major regional political and economic power, and a fierce rival of nearby Ternate, just to the north.
La Vallée-au-Blé is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
The blue-crowned parakeet, blue-crowned conure, or sharp-tailed conure is a small green Neotropical parrot with a blue head and pale beak native to large parts of South America, from eastern Colombia in the north to northern Argentina in the south. They inhabit savanna-like habitats, woodland and forest margins, but avoid dense humid forest such as the Amazon.
Thomas Littleton Powys, 4th Baron Lilford, was a British aristocrat and ornithologist.
Bakke is a former municipality in Vest-Agder county, Norway. The municipality existed from 1838 until its dissolution in 1965. It was located in the present-day municipalities of Sirdal and Flekkefjord. It included the whole Sirdalen valley along the Rogaland county border, stretching from the Aust-Agder county border in the north to Sirnes and the lake Lundevatnet in the south. The administrative center was the village of Sira where Bakke Church is located.
Sir Thomas John Woodward OBE, known professionally as Tom Jones, is a Welsh singer. He has won Grammy Awards. Jones is particularly noted for his powerful voice. He released his first album Along Came Jones in 1965. He has released thirty-nine studio albums since then. He released his most recent album Spirit in the Room in 2012.
Alexis Margaret Herman was the 23rd U.S. Secretary of Labor, serving under President Bill Clinton. Before that, she was Assistant to the President and Director of the White House Office of Public Liaison.
Mount Rinjani is an active volcano in Indonesia on the island of Lombok. Administratively the mountain is in the Regency of North Lombok, West Nusa Tenggara. It rises to 3,726 metres, making it the second highest volcano in Indonesia.
Golinda is a city in Falls and McLennan counties in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 559 at the 2010 census, up from 423 at the 2000 census.
Jiang Chaoliang is a Chinese politician and investor. In the past, he has served as the governor of Jilin province in Northeast China, and an executive at China Development Bank and the Agricultural Bank of China. Jiang is also an member of the 19th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China. In February 2020, he was dismissed as the Communist Party Secretary of Hubei.
The Montgomery Playhouse is Maryland's second oldest continually-running community theatrical performance group. Formed in 1989 from a merger between through a joint effort of the Board of Directors of both The Kensington/Garret Players and The Montgomery Players, The Montgomery Playhouse, in some form, has been providing theater performances for 85 years.
Franz Clemens Honoratus Hermann Josef Brentano was an influential German philosopher, psychologist, and Catholic priest whose work strongly influenced not only students Edmund Husserl, Sigmund Freud, Tomáš Masaryk, Rudolf Steiner, Alexius Meinong, Carl Stumpf, Anton Marty, Kazimierz Twardowski, and Christian von Ehrenfels, but many others whose work would follow and make use of his original ideas and concepts.
"Shah Rukh Khan, also known by the initialism SRK, is an Indian actor, film producer, and television personality. Referred to in the media as the ""Baadshah of Bollywood"", ""King of Bollywood"" and ""King Khan"", he has appeared in more than 80 Bollywood films, and earned numerous accolades, including 14 Filmfare Awards. The Government of India has awarded him the Padma Shri, and the Government of France has awarded him the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres and the Legion of Honour. Khan has a significant following in Asia and the Indian diaspora worldwide. In terms of audience size and income, he has been described as one of the most successful film stars in the world.
Six Mile is a town in Pickens County, South Carolina, United States. The 2010 census showed a population of 675, representing a 21% increase since 2000.
The Lindenmeier Site is a stratified multi-component archaeological site most famous for its Folsom component. It is located on the former Lindenmeier Ranch, now the Soapstone Prairie Natural Area, in northeastern Larimer County, Colorado, United States. The site contains the most extensive Folsom culture campsite yet found with a radiocarbon date of 10,600 to 10,720 B.P. Artifacts were also found from subsequent Archaic and Late pre-historic periods.
Rodleben station is a railway station in the Rodleben district of the municipality of Dessau-Roßlau, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Maní is a small city in Maní Municipality in the central region of the Yucatán Peninsula, in the Mexican state of Yucatán. It is about 100 km to the south south-east of Mérida, Yucatán, some 16 km east of Ticul. The village of Tipikal lies 6 km to the east.
Truronian is an English coach operator based in Cornwall. It is owned and operated by Cornwall by Kernow, a subsidiary of FirstGroup. Previously, they also had a bus operation and a holiday business.
Reinhardshagen is a municipality in the district of Kassel, in Hesse, Germany. It is located 24 kilometers north of Kassel, and 21 kilometers west of Göttingen.
The Canadian Coast Guard is the coast guard of Canada. Formed in 1962, the coast guard is tasked with marine search and rescue, communication, navigation and transportation issues in Canadian waters, such as navigation aids and icebreaking, marine pollution response and providing support for other Canadian government initiatives. The coast guard operates 119 vessels of varying sizes and 22 helicopters, along with a variety of smaller craft. The CCG is headquartered in Ottawa, Ontario, and is a special operating agency within Fisheries and Oceans Canada.
Tosno is a town and the administrative center of Tosnensky District in Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the Tosna River, 53 kilometers southeast of the center of St. Petersburg. Population: 39,101; 38,683; 32,459.
Publius Licinius Cornelius Saloninus Valerianus was Roman Emperor in 260.
Michael Mayer is an American theatre director, filmmaker, and playwright. He won the Tony Award for Best Direction of a Musical in 2007 for directing Spring Awakening.
The Louisville Ridge, also known as the Louisville Seamount Chain, is an underwater chain of over 70 seamounts in the Southwest Pacific Ocean. As one of the longest seamount chains on Earth it stretches some 4,300 km from the Pacific-Antarctic Ridge northwest to the Tonga-Kermadec Trench, where it subducts under the Indo-Australian Plate as part of the Pacific Plate. The chain may have been formed by movement of the Pacific Plate over the Louisville hotspot or by leakage of magma from the shallow mantle up through the Eltanin fracture zone, which it follows closely.
Swinton railway station is a railway station in Swinton, South Yorkshire, England. It has three platforms and a small bus station, and lies at the junction of the former North Midland Railway main line between Rotherham Masborough and Leeds via Cudworth and the former South Yorkshire Railway line to Doncaster.
Mount Woodring is located in the Teton Range, Grand Teton National Park, Wyoming. The mountain is immediately west of Leigh Lake and is sandwiched between Paintbrush Canyon to the south and Leigh Canyon to the north. The best access to the summit is from Paintbrush Divide along the Paintbrush Canyon Trail.
Guilherme Madalena Siqueira is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a left back.
Kilmartin Castle is a 16th-century Z-plan tower house castle at Kilmartin, Scotland. Built by the Rector of Kilmartin and later owned by Clan Campbell. It was restored and refurbished as a bed and breakfast in the 1990s.
The Merthyr Pioneer was a weekly Socialist newspaper founded by Keir Hardie that was published in Merthyr Tydfil, Wales, from 1911 to 1922.
Edmund Falconer, born Edmund O'Rourke, was an Irish poet, actor, theatre manager, songwriter and playwright, known for his keen wit and outstanding acting skills.
Horotiu railway station was a station on the North Island Main Trunk in New Zealand serving Horotiu.
The VP-26 Tridents are a United States Navy aircraft squadron based at Naval Air Station Jacksonville in Florida. The squadron flies Boeing P-8A patrol aircraft. It was established as Bombing Squadron 114 on 26 August 1943 and renamed Patrol Bombing Squadron 114 on 1 October 1944; Patrol Squadron 114 on 15 May 1946; Heavy Patrol Squadron 6 on 15 November 1946, and Patrol Squadron 26 on 1 September 1948. The Tridents are the third squadron to be designated VP-26; the first VP-26 was renamed VP-102 on 16 December 1940, and the second VP-26 was renamed VP-14 on 1 July 1941.
Bozeman Yellowstone International Airport is located in Belgrade eight miles northwest of Bozeman, in Gallatin County, Montana. Owned by the Gallatin Airport Authority, the airport became the busiest airport in Montana in 2013.
Sheila Grace Young-Ochowicz is a retired American speed skater and track cyclist. She won three world titles in each of these sports, twice in the same year. In 1976, she also became the first American athlete to win three medals at one Winter Olympics.
Yasunobu Nakamura is a Japanese physicist. He is a professor at the University of Tokyo's Research Center for Advanced Science and Technology and the Principal Investigator of the Superconducting Quantum Electronics Research Team at the Center for Emergent Matter Science within RIKEN. He has contributed primarily to the area of quantum information science, particularly in superconducting quantum computing and hybrid quantum systems.
Chris Galippo is a former American football linebacker. He played for the University of Southern California. Galippo became the first defensive player to ever win the Pete Dawkins Trophy for being selected as the U.S. Army All-American Bowl's most valuable player. He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Indianapolis Colts in 2012.
NGC 4093 is an elliptical galaxy located 340 million light-years away in the constellation Coma Berenices. The galaxy was discovered by astronomer Heinrich d'Arrest on May 4, 1864. NGC 4093 is a member of the NGC 4065 Group and is a radio galaxy with a two sided jet.
The Bob Michel Bridge carries Illinois Route 40 over the Illinois River 0.75 miles up-river from the Cedar Street Bridge. Illinois 40 terminates at an interchange with Interstate 74 just east of the bridge. The bridge serves as a direct surface route from a major commercial center in East Peoria to the Civic Center in downtown Peoria. When completed in 1993, the Bob Michel Bridge replaced the antiquated Franklin Street Bridge, a bascule and truss bridge, which had been located on an adjacent site since 1913.
Moundville is a village in Vernon County, Missouri, United States. The population was 124 at the 2010 census.
Lincoln is a town in Adams County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 296 at the 2010 census. The ghost town of Springbluff was located in the town.
Artashavan, is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. In the village to the northeast, is the restored 7th-century Surp Amenaprkich Church. The villages of Lusaghbyur and Nigatun are also within the community of Artashavan.
"Chastain Stone aka Bahati Payne is an American Rapper, Singer, Songwriter. Raised in ""Zone 1"" Atlanta, Georgia, She attended Fredrick Douglas High School as well as graduating and attending Alabama State. In 2011 she chose the name ""Chastain Stone"" and began releasing music through ReverbNation, which lead her to a Recording Contract with Scotch Bonnet Entertainment.
The Pratt & Whitney TF30 is a military low-bypass turbofan engine originally designed by Pratt & Whitney for the subsonic F6D Missileer fleet defense fighter, but this project was cancelled. It was later adapted with an afterburner for supersonic designs, and in this form it was the world's first production afterburning turbofan, going on to power the F-111 and the F-14A Tomcat, as well as being used in early versions of the A-7 Corsair II without an afterburner. First flight of the TF30 was in 1964 and production continued until 1986.
The Young Harris College Historic District in Young Harris, Georgia is a 0.5-acre historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
David Cairns is an English rock guitarist and songwriter, best known for his role in the 1970s/1980s band Secret Affair. The writer of the band's biggest hits, he was known for his intense guitar style.
Ivan Gašparovi is a Slovak politician and lawyer who was President of Slovakia from 2004 to 2014. He was also the first and currently the only Slovak president to be re-elected.
The Roman Diocese Catholic of Brescia is a Latin rite suffragan diocese in the ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Milan, in Lombardy.
Kangyang station is a railway station in Onsng County, North Hamgyng, North Korea, on the Hambuk Line of the Korean State Railway.
Morovis Sud also called Morovis Sur is a barrio in the municipality of Morovis, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 4,208.
"Cinnamon basil is a type of basil. The term ""cinnamon basil"" can refer to a number of different varieties of basil, including as a synonym for Thai basil, as a particular cultivar of Thai basil, and as a separate cultivar in its own right."
Brisbane Showgrounds is located at 600 Gregory Terrace, Bowen Hills, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia and was established in 1875. It hosts almost 300 events each year, with the largest being the Royal Queensland Show.
Eloise Mumford is an American actress known for her roles on the television series Lone Star, The River, and the Fifty Shades of Grey film series.
Zion is a small commuter railroad station on Metra's Union Pacific/North Line located in Zion, Illinois, United States. It is located on 2501 South Eden Road, near the intersection with Shiloh Boulevard, is 42.1 miles away from Ogilvie Transportation Center, the inbound terminus of the Union Pacific/North Line, and also serves commuters who travel north to Kenosha, Wisconsin. Parking is available on both sides of the tracks, and one of the parking lots is along South Eden Road at Shiloh Boulevard. In Metra's zone-based fare system, Zion is in zone I.
Third Presbyterian Church is a historic former Presbyterian church building in Springfield, Ohio, United States. A Romanesque Revival building completed in 1894 along Limestone Street on the city's northern side, Third Presbyterian is one of the final buildings designed by prominent Springfield architect Charles A. Cregar.
Basse-Terre is a French commune in the Guadeloupe department of France in the Lesser Antilles. It is also the prefecture of Guadeloupe. The city of Basse-Terre is located on Basse-Terre Island, the western half of Guadeloupe.
Platteville is the largest city in Grant County in southwestern Wisconsin. The population was 11,224 at the 2010 census, growing 12% since the 2000 Census. Much of this growth is likely due to the enrollment increase of the University of Wisconsin–Platteville. It is the principal city of the Platteville Micropolitan Statistical area, which has an estimated population of 49,681.
Navalvillar de Pela is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 4,816 and an area of 251.2 km².
Cystidicolidae is a family of spirurian nematodes. It was created by Skrjabin in 1946. All members of the family are parasites of fish.
Natarsha Belling is an Australian journalist, who is best known as a television newsreader, and her association with the Ten Network.
Wingerode is a municipality in the district of Eichsfeld in Thuringia, Germany. In 1996, Wingerode celebrated its 850th anniversary. It was founded in 1146.
Collingsworth County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2010 census, its population was 3,057. Its county seat is Wellington. The county was created in 1876 and later organized in 1890. It is named for James Collinsworth, a signer of the Texas Declaration of Independence and first chief justice of the Republic of Texas. Collingsworth County was one of 30 prohibition, or entirely dry, counties in Texas, but a vote in 2017 changed this law.
"John MacCulloch FRS was a Scottish geologist. He was the first geologist to be employed by the government in Britain and is best known for his pioneering texts on geology and for producing the first geological maps of Scotland. He introduced the word ""malaria"" into the English language."
Hugh McCulloch, a New England Yankee, was an American financier who played a central role in financing the American Civil War. He served two non-consecutive terms as U.S. Treasury Secretary under three presidents. He was originally opposed to the creation of a system of national banks, but his reputation as head of the Bank of Indiana 1857 to 1863 persuaded the Treasury to bring him in to supervise the new system as Comptroller of the Currency 1863–65. As Secretary of the Treasury 1865–69 he reduced and funded the gigantic Civil War debt of the union, and reestablish the federal taxation system across the former Confederacy. He tried but failed to make a rapid return to the gold standard.
Marie-Gabrielle Capet was a French Neoclassical painter. She was born in Lyon on 6 September 1761. Marie-Gabrielle came from a modest background and her previous background and artistic training is unknown, but in 1781 she became the pupil of the French painter Adelaide Labille-Guiard in Paris. She excelled as a portrait painter, and her works include oil paintings, watercolours and miniatures.
The Regalmspitze is a 2,253 metres high, lesser known mountain in the Kaisergebirge in the Northern Limestone Alps in Austria. The name Regalmwand, refers to the 2,227 metres high subpeak to the west of the Regalmspitze.
The Polokwane Local Municipality is a local municipality located within the Capricorn District in the Limpopo Province of South Africa. It shares its name with the city of Polokwane.
The mountain big-eyed tree frog is a tree frog from New Guinea. Scientists have only seen it in the Arfak Mountains in Indonesia.
Alexander Francis Lydon was a British watercolour artist, illustrator and engraver of natural history and landscapes. He worked for Benjamin Fawcett the printer, to whom he had been apprenticed from an early age. He collaborated on a large number of works with the Rev. Francis Orpen Morris who wrote the text.
Raekoja plats is a town square beside Tallinn Town Hall in the center of the Tallinn Old Town in Tallinn, Estonia. It is a venue for numerous small festivals or concerts like Tallinn Old Town Days, and several bars and restaurants are located in the near vicinity. The square also hosts a market regularly, with many stalls selling traditional Estonian items and souvenirs.
Washburn is a city in McLean County, North Dakota, United States. It is the county seat of McLean County. The population was 1,246 at the 2010 census. Washburn was founded in 1882 and became the county seat in 1883. The city's name honors General Cadwallader C. Washburn.
The Nikon Coolpix 5700 is a 2002 bridge digital camera manufactured and distributed by Nikon, succeeded by the Coolpix 8700, now both discontinued.
Princess Maria Teresa Maddalena of Bourbon-Two Sicilies was the only child of Prince Louis of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Count of Trani and his wife Duchess Mathilde Ludovika in Bavaria. Maria Teresa was a member of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and became a member of the House of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen and titular Princess of Hohenzollern through her marriage to Prince Wilhelm of Hohenzollern. She was called Mädi in the family and had a lifelong friendship with her cousin the Archduchess Marie Valerie of Austria.
San Marco 1, also known as San Marco A, was the first Italian satellite. Built in-house by the Italian Space Research Commission on behalf of the National Research Council, it was the first of five as part of the Italian-US San Marco programme.
Michihiro Kuroda, or Rin to his fans, was the lead vocalist in the Japanese group Iceman. The group lasted from about 1996-1999. Since then Michihiro has pursued a solo career. Michihiro has released 10 CDs and videos, along with 6 books.
Araya Station is a railway station in the city of Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan, operated by JR East.
The Batatotalena Cave, also known as the Diva Guhava in Buddhist literature, is a cave system in Sudagala, 8 km away from the town of Kuruwita, in the Sabaragamuwa Province of Sri Lanka.
"Homer is a city in Kenai Peninsula Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is 218 mi southwest of Anchorage. According to the 2010 Census, the population is 5,003, up from 3,946 in 2000. Long known as the ""Halibut Fishing Capital of the World"", Homer is also nicknamed ""the end of the road"", and more recently, ""the cosmic hamlet by the sea""."
Ahr is a wine region for quality wine in Germany, and is located in the valley of the river Ahr, a tributary of Rhine, and is situated in the federal state of Rhineland-Palatinate. With only 558 hectares of vines as of 2008, it is one of smaller of Germany's 13 regions. Despite its northern location it primarily produces red wines, and red grape varieties account for 86% of the vineyard area, which is more than in any other German wine region.
The Tumby Bay District Council is a local government area of South Australia covering an area of the North Eastern Eyre Peninsula. It was established in 1906, only six years after the town of Tumby Bay was established, when the district was severed from the former District Council of Lincoln to form the present council.
International Purple Hijab Day is an international day of remembrance for those who have experienced domestic violence. It is observed on the second Saturday each February. It is most often celebrated by Muslims, with women donning a purple hijab, but anyone may participate by wearing a purple item of clothing on the day such as a scarf, tie or kufi.
The Town of Cottesloe is a local government area and a suburb of Perth, the capital of Western Australia. Cottesloe is located 11 kilometres west of Perth's central business district, covers an area of 3.9 square kilometres, maintains 45.7 km of roads and had a population of approximately 7,500 as at the 2016 Census. Cottesloe is served by Swanbourne, Victoria Street, Grant Street and Cottesloe train stations, all operated through the Fremantle Railway Line. Various bus routes operate along Stirling Highway, enabling transport through the suburb's western and eastern precincts with Perth and Fremantle. All services are operated by the Public Transport Authority. The Town of Cottesloe's inclusion of walk and cycle paths enable it to be a walkable precinct.
Otto Wessel von Porat was a Norwegian heavyweight boxer. He won a gold medal in Boxing at the 1924 Summer Olympics, defeating Danish boxer Søren Petersen in the final.
Doudleby nad Orlicí is a market town and municipality in Rychnov nad Knžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
The Windermere Ferry is a vehicular cable ferry which crosses Windermere, a lake in the English county of Cumbria. The ferry route forms part of the B5285 road and crosses the lake at about its midpoint, from Ferry Nab in Bowness-on-Windermere to Ferry House at Far Sawrey, a distance of some 490 metres. The ferry is owned and operated by Cumbria County Council.
The Fiat 3000 was the first tank to be produced in series in Italy. It became the standard tank of the emerging Italian armored units after World War I. The 3000 was based on the French Renault FT.
"The Cadillac Escalade is a full-size luxury SUV engineered and manufactured by General Motors. It was Cadillac's first major entry into the SUV market. The Escalade was introduced for the 1999 model year in response to competition from the Mercedes-Benz ML-Class and Lexus LX and to Ford's 1998 release of the Lincoln Navigator. The Escalade project went into production only ten months after it was approved. The Escalade is built in Arlington, Texas. The word ""escalade"" refers to a siege warfare tactic of scaling defensive walls or ramparts with the aid of ladders or siege towers.
Christina Ann McNichol is a retired American actress, comedian, producer, and singer.
Pithecellobium dulce, commonly known as Manila tamarind, Madras thorn, or camachile. is a species of flowering plant in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is native to the Pacific Coast and adjacent highlands of Mexico, Central America, and northern South America. It is also sometimes known as monkeypod, but that name is also used for several other plants, including Samanea saman. It is an introduced species and extensively naturalized in the Caribbean and Florida, as well as the Philippines and Guam via the Manila galleons. It has also been introduced to Thailand and South Asia, It is considered an invasive species in Hawaii.
The Massachusetts State Police is an agency of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts' Executive Office of Public Safety and Security, responsible for criminal law enforcement and traffic vehicle regulation across the state. At present, it has approximately 2,300 officers, 1,500 of them being uniformed troopers, and 400 civilian support staff—making it the largest law enforcement agency in New England. The MSP is headed by Colonel Christopher Mason.
Oncidium graminifolium is a species of orchid occurring from Mexico to Central America.
Brenno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wijewo, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres north-east of Wijewo, 26 km west of Leszno, and 71 km south-west of the regional capital Pozna.
Carcar, officially the City of Carcar, is a 5th class city in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 119,664 people.
Malita, officially the Municipality of Malita, is a 1st class municipality and capital of the province of Davao Occidental, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 117,746 people.
The Fukui Domain, also known as the Echizen Domain, was a domain of the Tokugawa Shogunate of Japan during the Edo period from 1601 to 1871.
Shimsa-Tachibana Station is a railway station operated by JR East’s Narita Line located in Tnosh, Chiba Prefecture, Japan. It is 62.9 kilometres from the terminus of the Narita Line at Sakura Station.
Otsego Lake is located in northwest Michigan at 44°5720N 84°4132W, south of the city of Gaylord in Otsego County. The lake spans the boundary between Otsego Lake Township to the south and Bagley Township to the north. Otsego Lake State Park is located on the southeast shore of the lake and Otsego County Park is on the northwest shore. The lake has many private cottages and homes with direct access to the lake and parks.
"Noriko Sakai is a Japanese singer and actress. Under her former stage name Nori-P, Sakai released her first single, ""Otoko no Ko ni Naritai"" on February 5, 1987, nine days short of her sixteenth birthday. Over 40,000 copies of the single were sold. She is particularly popular in Hong Kong and Taiwan. Her best-selling single to date is Aoi Usagi.
The Nahkampfkanone 1 was an experimental Swiss tank destroyer that saw service between 1944 and 1947. Only one was ever built.
39 Arietis, officially named Lilii Borea, is a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of +4.5. The distance to this star, as determined from an annual parallax shift of 19.01 mas, is approximately 172 light-years.
Johnson graphs are a special class of undirected graphs defined from systems of sets. The vertices of the Johnson graph are the -element subsets of an -element set; two vertices are adjacent when the intersection of the two vertices contains -elements. Both Johnson graphs and the closely related Johnson scheme are named after Selmer M. Johnson.
Julio Eduardo Angulo Medina is an Ecuadorian footballer. He currently plays as a forward for Mushuc Runa.
Hong'an County, formerly named Huang'an County, located to the north of Wuhan, is a county in Huanggang, Hubei province, People's Republic of China.
Princess Augusta Wilhelmine of Hesse-Darmstadt was Duchess consort of Zweibrücken by marriage to Maximilian, Duke of Zweibrücken, and the mother of King Ludwig I of Bavaria.
Mario Chiesa is an Italian former professional racing cyclist. He rode in five editions of the Tour de France, six editions of the Giro d'Italia and four editions of the Vuelta a España.
Carisio is a comune in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 60 kilometres northeast of Turin and about 20 km northwest of Vercelli.
The Consulate-General of France in Saint Petersburg is the diplomatic mission of France in Saint Petersburg, Russian Federation. It is located at 15 Moika River Embankment in the Tsentralny District in Saint Petersburg.
Brooksville is a town in Noxubee County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 1,223 at the 2010 census.
The red-naped bushshrike or red-naped boubou is a species of bird in the family Malaconotidae, which is native to the dry lowlands of the eastern Afrotropics.
HaeIII is one of many restriction enzymes a type of prokaryotic DNA that protects organisms from unknown, foreign DNA. It is a restriction enzyme used in molecular biology laboratories. It was the third endonuclease to be isolated from the Haemophilus aegyptius bacteria. The enzyme's recognition site—the place where it cuts DNA molecules—is the GGCC nucleotide sequence which means it cleaves DNA at the site 5-GG/CC-3. The recognition site is usually around 4-8 bps.This enzyme's gene has been sequenced and cloned. This is done to make DNA fragments in blunt ends. HaeIII is not effective for single stranded DNA cleavage.
Polk Township is one of ten townships in Marshall County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,824 and it contained 1,183 housing units.
Gloucester Harbor is a late 19th-century painting by American artist William Morris Hunt. Done in oil on canvas, the impressionist painting depicts morning in the harbor of Gloucester, a major fishing port in New England. The painting was one of Hunt's first forays into the school of impressionism, and the creation of Gloucester Harbor and several other impressionism-inflected works sparked Bostonian interest in the impressionist movement. The painting is currently on display at the Museum of Fine Arts.
Sheys Rezaei Khonakdar is an Iranian footballer and singer.
Kolbäck is a locality situated in Hallstahammar Municipality, Västmanland County, Sweden with 1,951 inhabitants in 2010. The Kolbäcks VK volleyball club belongs here.
Joshua James Roenicke is an American professional baseball pitcher who is currently a free agent. He most recently pitched for the Uni-President Lions of the Chinese Professional Baseball League. He has played in Major League Baseball for the Cincinnati Reds, Toronto Blue Jays, Colorado Rockies, and Minnesota Twins.
The 1990 Pacific hurricane season was a very active season which observed 21 named storms within the basin. The season also produced the fourth highest ACE index value on record. The season was officially started on May 15 in the eastern Pacific, and on June 1 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean. However, these bounds were slightly exceeded when Hurricane Alma formed on May 12.
Mandalay State Beach is a protected beach in the city of Oxnard, California, United States. Managed by the California Department of Parks and Recreation, the park preserves an area of undeveloped sand dunes and wetlands that was once common along the 16.5-mile-long coastline of the Oxnard Plain.
Adjud is a city in Vrancea County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It has a population of 14,670 inhabitants. It lies at a railway junction which has a classification yard and a passenger station. Adjud, situated north of the point where the Trotu River enters the Siret River, used to be a marketplace.
Anne Charlotte Lynch Botta was an American poet, writer, teacher and socialite whose home was the central gathering place of the literary elite of her era.
Tinian International Airport, also known as West Tinian Airport, is a public airport located on Tinian Island in the United States Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. This airport is owned by Commonwealth Ports Authority.
Columbus is a residential district in Rome, Italy, in Balduina, located north of the city centre.
The Oliver Barrett House is located on Reagan Road in the Town of North East, New York, United States, south of the village of Millerton. It is a frame farmhouse built in the mid-19th century, possibly on the site or with materials from another, older house. In the early 20th century it underwent substantial renovations, particularly of its interior. Later in the century it was subdivided into rental units, a conversion reversed by more recent owners.
Clarence Henry Reid was an American musician, songwriter and producer, also known by the stage name and alternate persona Blowfly.
Whin Rigg is a fell in the English Lake District, situated in the western segment of the national park, 22 kilometres south east of the town of Whitehaven. It reaches only a modest altitude of 535 m but is part of one of the Lake District’s most dramatic landscapes in that the rugged and impressive Wastwater Screes fall from the fells summit to Wast Water over 450 m below. The fell's name means “gorse covered ridge” and originates from the Old Norse words “Hvin” meaning gorse and “Hryggr” meaning Ridge.
Clapham High Street railway station is on the South London Line in Clapham, within the London Borough of Lambeth, Greater London. It is 6 miles 21 chains measured from London Bridge. It is served by London Overground services, with a limited service to Battersea Park under the control of the London Rail division of Transport for London, and a daily Southeastern service to Ashford International once a day.
Higashiyoshino is a village located in Yoshino District, Nara Prefecture, Japan.
The Madagascan owl, also known as the Madagascar owl or Madagascar long-eared owl, is a medium-sized owl endemic to the island of Madagascar. It is sometimes considered to be conspecific with the long-eared owl.
The Hill is a neighborhood within St. Louis, Missouri, located on high ground south of Forest Park. The official boundaries of the area are Manchester Avenue on the north, Columbia and Southwest Avenues on the south, South Kingshighway Boulevard on the east, and Hampton Avenue on the west.
Axel Heiberg Island is an island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada. Located in the Arctic Ocean, it is the 32nd largest island in the world and Canada's seventh largest island. According to Statistics Canada, it has an area of 43,178 km². It is named after Axel Heiberg.
The Aero A.100 was a biplane light bomber and reconnaissance aircraft built in Czechoslovakia during the 1930s. It was the final step in a design lineage that extended back to the Aero A.11 a decade earlier. A.100s remained in service throughout World War II and for a few years postwar.
The Civic Club building, now the New York Estonian House, is a 4-story Beaux-Arts building located at 243 East 34th Street between Second and Third Avenues in the Murray Hill neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.
Sodium bicarbonate, commonly known as baking soda or bicarbonate of soda, is a chemical compound with the formula NaHCO. It is a salt composed of a sodium cation and a bicarbonate anion. Sodium bicarbonate is a white solid that is crystalline, but often appears as a fine powder. It has a slightly salty, alkaline taste resembling that of washing soda. The natural mineral form is nahcolite. It is a component of the mineral natron and is found dissolved in many mineral springs.
Foster Township is a township in McKean County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Noble Township is one of fifteen townships in Valley County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 119 at the 2000 census. A 2006 estimate placed the township's population at 114.
Drosera slackii is a subtropical sundew native to the Cape Provinces of South Africa. It forms rosettes that range from to two to four inches in diameter, and produces pink flowers. It is named after the British plantsman and author Adrian Slack.
The Second Temple is the term used for the Jewish holy temple, which stood on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem, actually two temple complexes which succeeded each other and allowed almost uninterrupted temple service between c. 516 BCE and 70 CE. It gave name to the Second Temple period.
Guigny is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Birnam is a locality in the Scenic Rim Region, Queensland, Australia. It is not to be confused with Birnam in the Toowoomba Region.
The Emmitsburg Historic District is a national historic district in Emmitsburg, Frederick County, Maryland. The district is predominantly residential and includes most of the older area of the town extending along Main Street and Seton Avenue. Also included are several commercial buildings and churches interspersed among the dwellings. The buildings are primarily two-story sided log or brick, dating from the late 18th to the mid 19th centuries. Some later 19th century buildings in this area include some large Italianate-influenced buildings forming the northeast and southeast corners of the main square; an area destroyed by fire in 1863. Settlement began in the region during the 1730s, bringing Protestant Germans and Scotch-Irish from Pennsylvania, as well as English Catholics from Tidewater Maryland.
Traveller was Confederate General Robert E. Lee's most famous horse during the American Civil War. He was a grey American Saddlebred of 16 hands, notable for speed, strength and courage in combat. Lee acquired him in February 1862, and rode him in many battles. Traveller outlived Lee by only a few months, and had to be shot when he contracted untreatable tetanus.
Nashville is a town in Washington Township, Brown County, Indiana, United States. The population was 803 at the 2010 census. The town is the county seat of Brown County and is the county's only incorporated town. The town is best known as the center of the Brown County Art Colony and as a tourist destination.
Polioptila is a genus of small insectivorous birds in the family Polioptilidae. They are found in North and South America.
Admiral Sir Charles Thomas Mark Pizey GBE CB DSO* DL was a Royal Navy officer who served as the last Commander-in-Chief and first Chief of Naval Staff of the Indian Navy from 1951 to 1955.
Oscar Mayer is an American meat and cold cut production company, owned by the American food company Kraft Heinz based in Chicago, Illinois. It is known for its hot dogs, bologna, bacon, ham, and Lunchables products.
Drew Remenda is a Canadian former hockey coach, radio broadcaster, and television hockey analyst. He is currently a colour commentator for regional telecasts of the Edmonton Oilers. He served as colour commentator for television broadcasts of San Jose Sharks games on CSN California, as well as the co-host of Sports Night with Jamie Nye and Drew Remenda for CKOM in Saskatoon. Remenda has also served as a commentator along with his broadcast partner Randy Hahn for the video games NHL 2K9 and NHL 2K10.
"Larimore is a city in Grand Forks County, North Dakota, United States. It is located 3 miles south of the junction of US Highway 2 and North Dakota Highway 18. It is part of the ""Grand Forks, ND-MN Metropolitan Statistical Area"" or ""Greater Grand Forks"". The population was 1,346 at the 2010 census. Larimore was founded in 1881."
Dylan Akpess Esmel is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for 1. FC Kaiserslautern.
Tailly is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.
"Karl Evert ""Keve"" Hjelm was a Swedish actor and film director. He appeared in 70 films between 1943 and 2004. At the 1st Guldbagge Awards he won the award for Best Actor for his role in Raven's End. At the 15th Guldbagge Awards he won the Special Achievement award.
The 2002 Pacific hurricane season was a slightly above average Pacific hurricane season that saw three tropical cyclones reach Category 5 intensity on the Saffir–Simpson scale, tied for the most in a season with 1994 and 2018. The strongest storm this year was Hurricane Kenna, which reached Category 5 on the Saffir–Simpson scale. It made landfall near Puerto Vallarta, located in the Mexican state of Jalisco, on October 25. Elsewhere, Tropical Storm Julio made landfall in Mexico, and Tropical Storm Boris dumped torrential rain along the Mexican coast, despite remaining offshore.
The Cause is a river in the Bouches-du-Rhône, France. It flows from its source in Vauvenargues to the river Arc near Palette. Recreational fishing is forbidden on Fridays except for bank holidays. It is 20.8 km long.
Conophytum burgeri is a small, endangered, South African species of succulent plant, of the genus Conophytum.
Gibson is a city in Glascock County, Georgia, United States. The population was 663 at the 2010 census. The city is the county seat of Glascock County and home to the Glascock County Courthouse, a National Register of Historic Places listed site.
Curve is a theatre in Leicester, England, based in the cultural quarter in Leicester City Centre. Before being named Curve, it was referred to as Leicester Performing Arts Centre. It is adjacent to the Leicester Athena conference and banqueting centre.
Aberdeen Lake is a large, irregularly shaped lake in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is located on the Canadian Shield. The lake measures nearly 90 km east-west with a peninsula in the center separating the lake into almost two halves which extend nearly 30 km north-south. The Thelon Wildlife Sanctuary is to the west.
Chosenia arbutifolia is a flowering plant in the family Salicaceae, native to Korea, Sakhalin, Kamchatka and the Russian Far East.
Phelps County is a county in the U.S. state of Nebraska. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 9,188. Its county seat is Holdrege. The county was formed in 1873, and was named for William Phelps, a steamboat captain and early settler.
Air Commodore Barbara Cooper, CBE is a retired Royal Air Force officer and former Commandant of the Air Cadet Organisation. She was promoted to air commodore in 2008 and became the RAF's highest-ranking female. She became the Assistant Chief of Staff at Air Command headquarters. She previously served at the tri-service military Defence Academy in Shrivenham as Division Director.
The 2019 Dakar Rally was the 41st edition of the event and the eleventh successive year that the event was held in South America. The event started in Lima, Peru on 6 January and finished there on 17 January after 10 stages of competition.
The Stavne–Leangen Line is a 5.8-kilometer railway line between Stavne and Leangen in Trondheim, Norway. The line provides an alternative connection between the Dovre Line and Nordland Line, allowing trains to bypass Trondheim Central Station. The line includes the Stavne Bridge over the river of Nidelva, Lerkendal Station and the 2.7-kilometer long Tyholt Tunnel. Construction of the line started during the Second World War by the Wehrmacht, the German military occupying Norway, in an attempt to make the railway in Trondheim resistant to sabotage. Because of the long construction time of the tunnel, tracks were laid in the city streets, but neither route was completed before the end of the war. Construction was placed on hold and the Stavne–Leangen Line did not open until 2 June 1957. At first it was primarily used by freight trains, but since 1988, passenger services have been provided.
Paola is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Falls City is a city in Karnes County, Texas, United States. The population was 611 at the 2010 census. Falls City is near the location of a uranium tailings disposal cell, completed in 1994 under the terms of the 1978 Uranium Mill Tailings Radiation Control Act.
Cheverny is a commune in the French department of Loir-et-Cher.
"Michael Chung also known as Mikey ""Mao"" Chung, is a keyboard, guitar and percussion player, arranger and record producer of Jamaican music. He has worked with a wide array of musicians from Jamaica and elsewhere, notably Lee Perry and Sly and Robbie."
Thury is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.
Rajagopal P. V., a Gandhian activist, is a former Vice Chairman of the Gandhi Peace Foundation, New Delhi. and the president and founding member of Ekta Parishad, Rajagopal started his peace-building by working alongside Gandhian stalwarts J.P. Narayan and Subba Rao to disarm 578 dacoits in Chambal region of India in 1972. Thereafter the young Gandhian turned away from dealing with the direct violence and the cycle of revenge of dacoits, to the indirect violence suffered by Adivasis, bonded labourers and other landless communities affected from poverty and exploitation.
Liptovský Peter is a village and municipality in Liptovský Mikuláš District in the Žilina Region of northern Slovakia.
Saint-Job railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Uccle in Brussels, Belgium. The station operated by SNCB/NMBS is located on line 26 between the stations of Boondael and Moensberg. The station is named after the nearby Place de Saint-Job, but it can also be accessed from the other end of the Avenue Prince de Ligne/Prins de Lignelaan at Vivier d'Oie/Diesdelle.
The Austin Sheerline is a large luxury car produced by Austin in the United Kingdom from 1947 to 1954.
South Side is an area in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States, located along the Monongahela River across from Downtown Pittsburgh. The South Side is officially divided into two neighborhoods, South Side Flats and South Side Slopes. Both the Flats and the Slopes are represented on Pittsburgh City Council by Bruce Kraus. The business district stretches along East Carson Street, which is home to many small shops, restaurants and bars. In 2006, more than 80 bars and pubs operated in the South Side Flats. The neighborhood has an urban fabric with rowhouses.
Mill Race was a log flume ride that operated between 1963 and 1993 at the Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky, Ohio.
Cheadle Hulme School is a coeducational independent day school in Cheadle Hulme, Stockport, England, for pupils aged 4 to 18, and a member of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference.
Lutz Haueisen is a retired German amateur cyclist. He won two world titles in track events, in 1979 and 1981. His best achievement on the road was second place in the prologue of Tour de Pologne in 1986. His son Dennis is a professional road cyclist.
The Province of Basilan is an island province of the Philippines in the Bangsamoro Autonomous Region. Basilan Island is the largest and northernmost of the major islands of the Sulu Archipelago. It is just off the southern coast of the geographic Zamboanga Peninsula.
Épagny-Metz-Tessy is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department of southeastern France. The municipality was established on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Épagny and Metz-Tessy.
The PTC Punjabi Film Awards are presented annually by PTC Punjabi to honour both artistic and technical excellence of professional filmmakers and actors with achievements in the field of Punjabi Cinema.
Science Centre AHHAA is a science centre in located in Tartu, Estonia, and is currently the largest science centre in the Baltic states. AHHAA was established to promote science and technology using interactive exhibits.
Balabagan, officially the Municipality of Balabagan, is a 4th class municipality in the province of Lanao del Sur, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 26,819 people.
Fania Marinoff was a Russian-born American actress.
Blace is a town and municipality located in the Toplica District of the southern Serbia. According to 2011 census, the population of the town is 5,253, while population of the municipality is 11,754.
Con Brio is an American soul and rock and roll band formed in San Francisco, California in 2013. The band currently consists of lead singer Ziek McCarter, guitarist Benjamin Andrews, bassist Jonathan Kirchner, keyboardist Patrick Monaco Glynn, drummer Andrew Laubacher, and horn players Marcus Stephens and Brendan Liu.
Haréville is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Slavíkovice is a village and municipality in Tebí District in the Vysoina Region of the Czech Republic.
Kingston Park is a suburb of Newcastle upon Tyne, about 4 miles north west of the city centre.
In 2003, Airman 1st Class Vanessa Dobos became the first female aerial gunner in the U.S. Air Force. This position was previously closed to women. She trained with the 58th Training Squadron at Kirtland Air Force Base in New Mexico. Her first duty station was at Nellis AFB in Nevada, and she served with distinction in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Regis High School is a private Jesuit secondary school for Roman Catholic boys located on Manhattan's Upper East Side.
"Whitedale railway station was a station on the Hull and Hornsea Railway, and was used principally by the residents of Rise Hall at Rise in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. The station is located in Withernwick civil parish and the name ""Whitedale"" was that of a nearby farm.
Keijiro Matsumoto is a professional Japanese baseball player. He plays outfielder for the Yokohama DeNA BayStars.
Banksia seminuda, commonly known as the river banksia, is a tree in the plant genus Banksia. It is found in south west Western Australia from Dwellingup to the Broke Inlet east of Denmark. It is often mistaken for, and was originally considered a subspecies of, the Banksia littoralis. Stephen Hopper described the subspecies remanens as a short-leaved shrubby form found in the coastal sands below granite outcrops in the Walpole-Nornalup National Park, however George does not feel this form warrants taxonomic recognition as it lies within the normal variability of the species and there was no clear distinction between it and the other populations of B. seminuda.
Márcio Gonzaga de Azevedo, known as Márcio Azevedo, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Athletico Paranaense as a left back.
Dolforwyn Castle is a Welsh medieval castle above the village of Abermule, Powys. The fortification was established by Llywelyn ap Gruffudd, Prince of Gwynedd in the late 13th century. It is sited on a wooded ridge commanding excellent views of the upper Severn Valley.
Hensley Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,278 and it contained 542 housing units.
Mary Wynn was an American film actress of the silent film era.
Saúl Ñíguez Esclápez, known as Saúl, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a central or defensive midfielder for Atlético Madrid.
David Thomas Winfield is an English semi-professional footballer who plays as a defender for National League club Bromley.
The Minatomirai 21 Line, commonly known as the Minatomirai Line, is a subway line of the Yokohama Minatomirai Railway Company connecting Yokohama Station to Yokohama Chinatown through the Minato Mirai 21 development.
Énencourt-le-Sec is a former commune in the Oise department in northern France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune La Corne-en-Vexin.
Phacops is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida, family Phacopidae, that lived in Europe, northwestern Africa, North and South America and China from the Late Ordovician until the very end of the Devonian, with a broader time range described from the Late Ordovician. It was a rounded animal, with a globose head and large eyes, and probably fed on detritus. Phacops is often found rolled up, a biological defense mechanism that is widespread among smaller trilobites but further perfected in this genus.
Torndirrup National Park is a national park in the Great Southern region of Western Australia, 400 kilometres southeast of Perth and via Frenchman Bay Road is 10 km south of Albany.
The Dwaar Kill is a 17-mile-long tributary of the Wallkill River that drains a 28-square-mile area of Orange and Ulster counties in the U.S. state of New York. It is the Wallkill's second-longest tributary after the Shawangunk Kill, whose course it parallels somewhat to the east.
Patones is a Spanish municipality in the region of the Comunidad de Madrid situated partly in the valley of the river Jarama and partly in the foothills of the Sierra de Guadarrama mountain range.
"Tashiding Monastery is a Buddhist monastery of the Nyingma sect of Tibetan Buddhism in Western Sikkim, northeastern India, which is the most sacred and holiest monasteries in Sikkim. It is described as the ""Heart of Sikkim/Denzong"", citing to its importance of religious sacredness. It is located on top of the hill rising between the Rathong chu and the Rangeet River, 40 kilometres from Gyalshing and 19 kilometres to the south east of Yuksam.
Trochulus is a genus of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.
Bretton Hall is a country house in West Bretton near Wakefield, West Yorkshire, England. It housed Bretton Hall College from 1949 until 2001 and was a campus of the University of Leeds. It is a Grade II* listed building.
Sharon Springs is a village in Schoharie County, New York, United States. The population was 558 at the 2010 census. Its name derives from the hometown of the first Colonial settlers, Sharon, Connecticut, and the important springs in the village. Sharon Springs, Kansas likewise was settled by former residents of this Upstate New York village.
Hotel Nikko San Francisco is a high-rise hotel at 222 Mason Street near Union Square, San Francisco, California. The 90 m 28-story hotel has 532 hotel rooms, and is owned by DATAM, LLC. and operated by Nikko Hotels. The hotel is one block away from Union Square, San Francisco and five blocks from the Moscone Center. The hotel opened in October 1987.
Hutchins is a city in Dallas County, Texas, United States. The population was 5,338 at the 2010 census.
Imogolite is an aluminium silicate clay mineral with the chemical formula Al
State Route 385 is a 11.5-mile-long southwest–to–northeast state highway that travels from Cornelia to Hollywood in the U.S. state of Georgia. The route is entirely within Habersham County. This highway travels concurrently with U.S. Route 441 Business from Cornelia to Clarkesville. The entire route travels along the historic route of US 441.
"Chrissie Fit is an American actress and singer. In 2007, Fit rose to prominence after she was cast as the character Mercedes Juarez in the medical drama, General Hospital. She also played the roles of CheeChee in the DCOMs Teen Beach Movie and Teen Beach 2, and Florencia ""Flo"" Fuentes in Pitch Perfect 2 and Pitch Perfect 3."
Peenehagen is a municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It was formed on 1 January 2012 by the merger of the former municipalities Groß Gievitz, Hinrichshagen and Lansen-Schönau.
Serdar Aziz is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Turkish club Fenerbahçe in the Süper Lig.
April Stevens is an American singer.
Al-Mansurah Subdistrict or Al-Mansurah Nahiyah is a Syrian Nahiyah located in Al-Thawrah District in Raqqa, situated south-west of Raqqa and the Euphrates river. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Al-Mansurah Subdistrict had a population of 58,727 in the 2004 census.
The 10th Street galleries was a collective term for the co-operative galleries that operated mainly in the East Village on the east side of Manhattan, in New York City in the 1950s and 1960s. The galleries were artist run and generally operated on very low budgets, often without any staff. Some artists became members of more than one gallery. The 10th Street galleries were an avant-garde alternative to the Madison Avenue and 57th Street galleries that were both conservative and highly selective.
Hironobu Haga is a Japanese football player. He plays for Consadole Sapporo.
The Mikoyan Skat is a concept of a stealth unmanned combat aerial vehicle being developed by Mikoyan for the Russian Ministry of Defence since 2005.
Ibotirama is a municipality located in the west of the state of Bahia, Brazil. It is in the micro-region of the lower-middle São Francisco River. This major river passes by the city where it is crossed by a recently constructed bridge. Ibotirama covers 1,740.087 km², and has a population of 27,405 with a population density of 16 inhabitants per square kilometer. The municipality lies along the São Francisco River, a major inland water route and the fourth-longest river in Brazil.
Borowica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina opiennik Górny, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres east of opiennik Górny, 8 km north of Krasnystaw, and 45 km south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
Trinity Church - is an Orthodox church in Troitskoye village, Sverdlovsk oblast. Nowadays the church doesn't function.
The Russian monitor Admiral Chichagov was the second and last of the two Admiral Spiridov-class monitors built for the Imperial Russian Navy in the late 1860s. The ship was assigned to the Baltic Fleet upon completion and remained there for her entire career. Aside from an incident where she ran aground, her service was uneventful. The sister ships were reclassified as coast-defense ironclads in 1892 before they became training ships in 1900. Admiral Spiridov was stricken from the Navy List in 1907 and became a target ship. Her ultimate fate is unknown.
State Road 18, is an IB-class road in northern Serbia, connecting Zrenjanin with Romania at Kaluerovo. It is located in Vojvodina.
Ralls is a city in Crosby County, Texas, United States. It was named after John Robinson Ralls, who with the help of W.E. McLaughlin, laid out the townsite in July 1911. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 1,944, down from 2,252 at the 2000 census. Ralls is surrounded by productive farm lands that primarily produce cotton and grains, with lesser amounts of soybean, sunflower seed, and vegetables.
Jenkins House, also known as The Grey Barn, is a house in Delanson, Schenectady County, New York. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The house was originally constructed in 1876 for the station master of the Delaware and Hudson Railroad.
A True Story is a novel written in the second century AD by Lucian of Samosata, a Greek-speaking author of Assyrian descent. The novel is a satire of outlandish tales that had been reported in ancient sources, particularly those that presented fantastic or mythical events as if they were true. It is Lucian's best-known work.
Hallstahammar is an urban area in the county of Västmanland in Sweden. It is the seat of Hallstahammar Municipality.
Groton was one of the shortest-lived Amtrak passenger rail stations, in service from January to April 1978 during the last incarnation of Amtrak's Clamdigger service. Previous stations at several locations in Groton saw both local and long-distance service from 1852 until the mid-20th century.
Plopi is a commune in Slaj County, Criana, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Fgetu, Iaz and Plopi.
RV Belgica is a Belgian research vessel which was built in 1984. She is manned by the Belgian Naval Component and is in active service.
Pitumpe South Grama Niladhari Division is a Grama Niladhari Division of the Padukka Divisional Secretariat of Colombo District of Western Province, Sri Lanka. It has Grama Niladhari Division Code 453B.
The antpeckers, Parmoptila, are a genus of estrildid finch songbirds that range across the tropical forests of western and central Africa.
SMS V187 was a S-138-class large torpedo boat of the Imperial German Navy. She was built by the AG Vulcan shipyard at Stettin between 1910 and 1911 and launched on 11 January 1911.
São Valentim is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
"Alexander James Jordan ""Alex"" Norris is a British Labour and Co-operative Party politician. He is the Member of Parliament for Nottingham North, and was first elected at the 2017 general election."
Greenwood Township is a township in Perry County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 998 at the 2010 census.
The Festival of Friends is an annual three-day free summer music festival held in Gage Park in Hamilton, Ontario on the first weekend in August.
Sojovice is a village and municipality in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. Sojovice can be found on the river bank of Jizera river. Its waters are being used in the process of water purification for neighboring municipalities and Prague. In Sojovice district natural infiltration wells can be found and there is a system of raw water pumping and transportation to artificial infiltration.
The Gulf of Saint Euphemia is a gulf on the west coast of Calabria, southern Italy. It is part of the Tyrrhenian Sea and borders the province of Cosenza, the province of Catanzaro, and the province of Vibo Valentia.
Prefectural Office Station is a railway station on the Okinawa Urban Monorail in Naha, Okinawa Prefecture, Japan.
"John Minor Crawford House, also known as Building 301, is a historic home located at Monongahela Township in Greene County, Pennsylvania. It was built about 1878, and is a 2 1/2-story, four bay, brick Italianate-style dwelling. It has a shallow pitched roof and tall, narrow windows. It was converted to a health center in the 1970s and used as such until 1988. The house was possibly built as part of the ""New Geneva Glass Works Lot.""
Pierre Anctil FRSC is a Canadian historian. He is specialist of the Jewish community of Montreal, of Yiddish literature and of the poetic work of Jacob-Isaac Segal. He also published on the history of immigration to Canada. He translated a dozen Yiddish books into French.
HMS Apollo, the sixth ship of the Royal Navy to be named for the Greek god Apollo, was a second-class Apollo-class protected cruiser launched in 1891 and converted to a minelayer in 1909 along with six of her sisters. They formed a minelaying squadron in 1914–15 during the First World War, although Apollo was disarmed in 1915 and served in secondary roles until broken up in 1920.
Grosses Wannenhorn is a 3906-metre mountain peak in the Bernese Alps, in the Swiss canton of Valais near the village of Fiesch. It is part of the Walliser Fiescherhörner. The mountain separates the Aletsch Glacier to the west from the Fiescher Glacier to the east.
The 306th Infantry Regiment was a National Army unit first organized for service in World War I as part of the 77th Infantry Division in Europe. It later served in the Pacific Theater during World War II. Since then it has served as a training Regiment. In 1999, it was withdrawn from the Combat Arms Regimental System and redesignated as a non-branch regiment. The regiment's 1st, 2nd, 4th, and 5th battalions are stationed at Fort Stewart under the command of the 188th Infantry Brigade. The 3rd Battalion is inactive.
Heterocarpus ensifer is a species of deep-water shrimp. The nominate subspecies is found in the Atlantic Ocean from Spain and Madeira to Angola and from North Carolina to the Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean Sea; other subspecies occur in the Pacific Ocean and around the Philippines and Indonesia. Despite being one of the most abundant shrimp in some areas, its biology is still poorly known. These deep water crustaceans are most copious between 300 and 400m. Their distribution demonstrates an ability to adapt well to distinct environments. It is generally found at depths of 200–885 m.
Charles Anthony Tillman, nicknamed Peanut, is a former American football cornerback, who is currently a United States Federal Bureau of Investigation agent. He played college football at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette, and was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the second round of the 2003 NFL Draft.
San Ferdinando di Puglia is a town and comune in the Province of Barletta-Andria-Trani in the Apulia region of southeast Italy.
Mvouti is a district in the Kouilou Region of far south-western Republic of the Congo. The capital lies at Mvouti.
A. Robinson Building, also known as Howard-Robinson Building and Pyramid Barber Shop, is a historic commercial building located at Winston-Salem, Forsyth County, North Carolina. It was built in 1940–1941, and is a two-story, yellow and red brick commercial building. The north and south facades are of brick made by well-known and celebrated local brickmaker George S. Black. The building was constructed to house African-American businesses including the Howard-Robinson Funeral Home and a barber shop.
"María Guadalupe Araujo, better known as Ana Gabriel, is a Mexican singer and songwriter from Comanito, Sinaloa, Mexico. She first sang on the stage at age six, singing ""Regalo A Dios"" by José Alfredo Jiménez. She moved to Tijuana, Baja California and studied accounting. At age 21, in 1977, she recorded her first song, titled ""Compréndeme"". During her long career, she has hits in three different genres of music: Latin pop, Latin rock, and Mariachi.
Clarksburg is a census-designated place and an unincorporated area in northern Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. It is located at the northern end of the Interstate 270 technology corridor, approximately four miles north of Germantown. As of 2016, Clarksburg had an estimated population of 20,441.
"Kusum Kanguru is a mountain in the Khumbu Region of the Himalaya in Nepal. Its name, Kusum Kanguru, means ""Three Snow-White Gods"" in the Sherpa language, which refers to the triple summit of the mountain.
The ornate rainbowfish is a species of rainbowfish endemic to an area in eastern Australia, where it is native to coastal regions and sandy offshore islands in southern Queensland and northern New South Wales. It is the only known member of its genus. It is a popular aquarium fish.
Barbara Barrie is an American actress of film, stage and television. She is also an accomplished author.
Nely Edith Miranda Herrera is a Mexican paralympic swimmer and a politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party. She served as a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 2009 to 2012.
Vassilios Skouris is a Greek judge who was President of the European Court of Justice from 2004 to 2015. A European legal scholar, he served briefly in the government of Greece as Minister of the Interior in 1989 and again in 1996. He is professor at the Law School of the Aristotle University and at Bucerius Law School in Hamburg, Germany.
The Rivière du Loup is a river in eastern Quebec, Canada, which empties on the south shore of Saint Lawrence River at the city of Rivière-du-Loup, which is part of the regional county municipality Rivière-du-Loup, in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent.
Bad Honnef (Rhein) is a station on the East Rhine Railway in Bad Honnef, a town in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Oscinella is a genus of flies in the family Chloropidae.
Grove City is a city in Franklin County, Ohio, United States which was founded in 1852. It is a suburb of Columbus. The population was 35,575 according to the 2010 Census.
Linthe is a municipality in the Potsdam-Mittelmark district, in Brandenburg, Germany.
Melle is a city in the district of Osnabrück, Lower Saxony, Germany. The city corresponds to what used to be the district of Melle until regional territorial reform in 1972. Since then Melle is the third largest city in Lower Saxony in terms of surface area.
The Harvard Universal Classics, originally known as Dr. Eliot's Five Foot Shelf, is a 51-volume anthology of classic works from world literature compiled and edited by Harvard University president Charles W. Eliot and first published in 1909.
Evercreech Junction was a railway station at Evercreech on the Somerset and Dorset Joint Railway.
Cliffe Castle Museum, Keighley, West Yorkshire, England, is a local heritage museum which opened in the grand, Victorian, neo-Gothic Cliffe Castle in 1959. Originating as Cliffe Hall in 1828, the museum is the successor to Keighley Museum which opened in Eastwood House, Keighley, in c. 1892. There is a series of galleries dedicated to various aspects of local heritage, and to displaying the house itself, which is a Grade II listed building. Entrance to the museum is free of charge.
The French presidential election of 1848 was the first ever held. It elected the first and only president of the Second Republic. The election was held on 10 December 1848 and led to the surprise victory of Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte with 74% of the vote.
Baguley railway station was a station in the south of Manchester, England, at the extreme western edge of Baguley near the southern end of Brooklands Road where Shady Lane crossed the railway line.
Mittenaar is a community in the Lahn-Dill-Kreis in Hesse, Germany.
Harriet M. Cornwell Tourist House is a historic tourist home for African-American patrons located at Columbia, South Carolina. It was built about 1895, and is a two-story, frame American Foursquare style dwelling. It has a hipped roof and features a one-story wraparound porch. Mrs. Cornwell began operating her house as a tourist home during the 1940s.
Irbit is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located 203 kilometers from Yekaterinburg by train or 250 kilometers by car, on the right bank of the Nitsa. Population: 38,357; 43,318; 51,708.
Le Truel is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France. The village was in the ancient province of Rouergue where they spoke in the rouergat patois of Occitan.
The Pilgrim Tercentenary half dollar or Pilgrim half dollar was a commemorative fifty-cent coin struck by the United States Bureau of the Mint in 1920 and 1921 to mark the 300th anniversary of the arrival of the Pilgrims in North America. It was designed by Cyrus E. Dallin.
Mantomi Station is a railway station in Okayama, Okayama Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company.
Champsevraine is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Franco Cerri is an Italian guitarist and double bassist.
Clotilde de Vaux, born Clotilde Marie, is known to have inspired the French philosopher Auguste Comte's Religion of Humanity.
The Antonov An-225 Mriya is a strategic airlift cargo aircraft that was designed by the Antonov Design Bureau in the Ukrainian SSR within the Soviet Union during the 1980s. It is powered by six turbofan engines and is the heaviest aircraft ever built, with a maximum takeoff weight of 640 tonnes. It also has the largest wingspan of any aircraft in operational service. The single example built has the Ukrainian civil registration UR-82060. A second airframe with a slightly different configuration was partially built. Its construction was halted in 1994 because of lack of funding and interest, but revived briefly in 2009, bringing it to 60–70% completion. On 30 August 2016, Antonov agreed to complete the second airframe for Airspace Industry Corporation of China as a prelude to commencing series production.
Tillandsia funckiana is a species in the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Venezuela.
Paul Pope is an American alternative cartoonist. Pope's work combines the precision and romance of European comics artists with the energy and page design of the manga tradition. Pope's two protagonist types are the silent, lanky outsider male of One-Trick Ripoff, Escapo and Heavy Liquid; or the resourceful, aggressive, humorous young teenage girls of THB. He has self-published some of his work, most notably THB, through his own Horse Press, with other work for such publishers as DC Comics/Vertigo and First Second Books.
Caranus or Karanos was the first king of the ancient Greek kingdom of Macedon according to later traditions. According to Herodotus, however, the first king was Perdiccas I. Caranus is first reported by Theopompus and is the mythical founder of the Argead dynasty.
Special Battalions Vostok and Zapad were two Spetsnaz units of the GRU, the military intelligence agency of Russian Federation, based in Chechnya. The overwhelming majority of the personnel were ethnic Chechens, while the command personnel were mixed ethnic Russian and Chechens. The Special Battalions were formed during the Second Chechen War as a force of Chechen volunteers under the direct control of the Russian government to perform operations in the mountain-forests of Chechnya. The two units operated independently from each other, with Zapad covering the western half of Chechnya and Vostok covering the eastern half, and their own commanders subordinate to the GRU but under the command network of the 42nd Guards Motor Rifle Division.
Papilio helenus, the red Helen, is a large swallowtail butterfly found in forests of southern India and parts of southeast Asia.
The Jersey-Atlantic Wind Farm in Atlantic City, in Atlantic County, New Jersey, is the first coastal wind farm in the United States and the first wind farm in New Jersey. It became operational in March 2006 and consists of five 1.5 MW turbines built by General Electric. Each wind turbine reaches a height of 380 feet.
Alexandra Lisney is an Australian rower and cyclist. She won a bronze medal in the Women's Individual Pursuit C4 at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. She represented Australian at the 2016 Rio Paralympics.
Vieregg Township is one of eleven townships in Merrick County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 921 at the 2000 census. A 2006 estimate placed the township's population at 895.
Archie Thompson is an Australian football player. He plays for Melbourne Victory and Australia national team.
Tom Kundig is an American principal and owner of the Seattle-based firm Olson Kundig Architects. His honors include some of the highest design awards, including a 2008 National Design Award in Architecture Design from the Smithsonian Cooper-Hewitt; a 2007 Academy Award in Architecture from The American Academy of Arts and Letters; selection as a finalist for the 2005 National Design Award for Architecture; a MacDowell Colony Fellowship; and selection as an Emerging Architect by the Architectural League of New York. He has also received eleven National American Institute of Architects awards. In 2011, he was included in The Wallpaper* 150, Wallpaper's list of the 150 people who have most influenced, inspired and improved the way we live, work and travel over the last 15 years.
Hobbs' Angel of Death were an Australian thrash metal band that began in 1987 in Melbourne, and are one of the first Australian groups to perform in that genre. They released two studio albums, Hobbs' Angel of Death and Inheritance before disbanding in 1996. They reformed in 2002 and released a compilation album, Hobbs' Satan's Crusade, and a third album Heaven Bled.
Branko Grünbaum was a Yugoslavian-born mathematician of Jewish descent and a professor emeritus at the University of Washington in Seattle. He received his Ph.D. in 1957 from Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel.
Krnov is a town in Bruntál District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 23,000 inhabitants. It lies in the historical region of Upper Silesia, at the confluence of the rivers Opava and Opavice, near the Polish border.
Hastings Fishermen's Museum is a museum dedicated to the fishing industry and maritime history of Hastings, a seaside town in East Sussex, England. It is housed in a former church, officially known as St Nicholas' Church and locally as The Fishermen's Church, which served the town's fishing community for nearly 100 years from 1854. After wartime damage, occupation by the military and subsequent disuse, the building was leased from the local council by a preservation society, which modified it and established a museum in it. It opened in 1956 and is now one of the most popular tourist attractions in the town and borough of Hastings. The building, a simple Gothic Revival-style stone chapel, has been listed at Grade II by English Heritage for its architectural and historical importance.
"Bayyarat Hannun was a Palestinian Arab village in the Tulkarm Subdistrict in Mandatory Palestine. It was depopulated during ""Operation Coastal Clearing"" on March 31, 1948 in the 1947–48 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine. It was located 16 km west of Tulkarm."
Rio Shirai is a Japanese swimmer. She competed in the women's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay event at the 2018 Asian Games, winning the gold medal.
Povoação is a municipality located in the southeastern corner of the island of São Miguel in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores. The population in 2011 was 6,327, in an area of 106.41 km².
Goutroux is a section of the Belgian town of Charleroi within the Walloon region in the Province of Hainaut. It was a municipality of its own before the merger of the municipalities in 1977.
The Chiloe railway was a narrow-gauge railway in Chiloé Island, running from the cities of Ancud to Castro that operated between 1912 and 1960. It also had a loading spur to the old port of Lechagua.
Gainsborough Old Hall in Gainsborough, Lincolnshire is over five hundred years old and one of the best preserved medieval manor houses in England.
Krydor is a village in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within the Rural Municipality of Redberry No. 435 and Census Division No. 16. The community's name is a combination of the names of two early settlers, Petro Krysak and Teodor Lucyk. Petro Krysak also served as the first postmaster, from September 1, 1911, to July 7, 1913.
Fort Frederica National Monument, on St. Simons Island, Georgia, preserves the archaeological remnants of a fort and town built by James Oglethorpe between 1736 and 1748 to protect the southern boundary of the British colony of Georgia from Spanish raids. About 630 British troops were stationed at the fort.
Cyanea superba is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common names Mt. Kaala cyanea and superb cyanea. It is endemic to the island of Oahu, but it is now extinct in the wild. It exists in cultivation and some individuals have been planted in appropriate habitat. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States. Like other Cyanea it is known as haha in Hawaiian.
Juriens is a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord Vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
"The sternum or breastbone is a long flat bone located in the central part of the chest. It connects to the ribs via cartilage and forms the front of the rib cage, thus helping to protect the heart, lungs, and major blood vessels from injury. Shaped roughly like a necktie, it is one of the largest and longest flat bones of the body. Its three regions are the manubrium, the body, and the xiphoid process. The word ""sternum"" originates from the Ancient Greek , meaning ""chest""."
The Kaesong Folk Hotel is a tourist hotel located in Kaesong, North Korea, which opened in 1989. Housed in 19 traditional hanok-style courtyard houses, many of which date to the Joseon dynasty and retain their original furnishings. The complex has 50 rooms, a traditional restaurant and a souvenir shop. The houses themselves are located on both sides of the stream that runs through Kaesong, with some located at the foot of Mt. Janam.
Mahallat is the capital of Mahallat County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, the city had population of 35,319—10,285 families.
The Bengal slow loris or northern slow loris is a strepsirrhine primate and a species of slow loris native to the Indian subcontinent and Indochina. Its geographic range is larger than that of any other slow loris species. Considered a subspecies of the Sunda slow loris until 2001, phylogenetic analysis suggests that the Bengal slow loris is most closely related to the Sunda slow loris. However, some individuals in both species have mitochondrial DNA sequences that resemble those of the other species, due to introgressive hybridization. It is the largest species of slow loris, measuring 26 to 38 cm from head to tail and weighing between 1 and 2.1 kg. Like other slow lorises, it has a wet nose, a round head, flat face, large eyes, small ears, a vestigial tail, and dense, woolly fur. The toxin it secretes from its brachial gland differs chemically from that of other slow loris species and may be used to communicate information about sex, age, health, and social status.
Birnbaumins are a pair of alkaloids and toxic yellow pigment compounds first isolated from the flowerpot parasol mushroom. These toxins can cause gastric ulcers if consumed.
The Isaac M. Raymond Farm, now Uphill Farm, is a historic farm property on North Bridgewater Road in Woodstock, Vermont. The farm is the reduced core of a larger farm property accumulated in the first half of the 19th century by Isaac Raymond, and revived as a gentleman's farm in 1940. The property includes an altered 1805 Cape style farmhouse and 20th-century Colonial Revival farm buildings. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
Chelsea Johnson is a former American pole vaulter. She is the daughter of Jan Johnson, who won three NCAA championships and a bronze medal in the pole vault at the 1972 Summer Olympics. She won the silver medal at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics, but retired from the sport two years later.
Scharsterbrug is a village in De Fryske Marren in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands. It had a population of around 830 in 2017.
The first jail was built in 1837 of 14 inches square logs. It was two stories tall with a trap door from the second story floor to access the ground floor. The next jail was made of brick. Like the first jail, it was located on Courthouse Square. By 1869 this second structure was in serious need of repair. Frequent jail breaks from the second jail, led the county to hire George Garnsey of Chicago to design a new jail. The most notable jailbreak resulted when prisoners pushed bricks out of the wall.
NGC 3506 is a spiral galaxy in constellation Leo. It is located at a distance of circa 300 million light years from Earth, which, given its apparent dimensions, means that NGC 3506 is about 115,000 light years across. The galaxy has two main spiral arms, with high surface brightness, which can be traced for half a revolution before they fade. One arm splits into four spiral arcs.
Karnes City is a city in and county seat of Karnes County, Texas, United States. The population was 3,042 at the 2010 census, down from 3,457 at the 2000 census. The town was named after Henry Karnes of the Texas Revolution. Karnes is 24 miles southeast of Floresville and 54 miles southeast of San Antonio on U.S. Highway 181.
Porte de Saint-Cloud is a station of line 9 the Paris Métro. The station opened on 28 September 1923 with the extension of the line from Exelmans. It was the terminus of the line until 1934, when it was extended to Pont de Sèvres. As a result, it still has four platforms. The station is named after the Porte de Saint-Cloud, a gate in the nineteenth century Thiers Wall of Paris, which led to the town of Saint-Cloud. It serves the Parc des Princes, home of Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
eložnice is a village and municipality in Hodonín District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
Bredfield is a small village and civil parish in the English county of Suffolk. It is situated just off the A12, two miles north of Woodbridge. Another village, Dallinghoo, is to the north, and to the west is Boulge, a small hamlet. The population of Bredfield at the 2001 census was 308, the population increasing to 340 at the 2011 Census.
Singha Stadium is a football stadium in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Chiangrai United. The stadium has a capacity of 11,354 people. The Singha Stadium is near Mae Fah Luang International Airport.
Brough Castle is a ruined castle in the village of Brough, Cumbria, England. The castle was built by William Rufus around 1092 within the old Roman fort of Verterae to protect a key route through the Pennine Mountains. The initial motte and bailey castle was attacked and destroyed by the Scots in 1174 during the Great Revolt against Henry II. Rebuilt after the war, a square keep was constructed and the rest of the castle converted to stone.
Matthews Beach Park is a 22-acre park in the Matthews Beach neighborhood of Seattle, Washington. It is a popular swimming beach in the summer, although it is also open during winter months.
The Hull Building is a historic commercial building located at 2401-2405 1st Avenue in the Belltown neighborhood of Seattle, Washington. Designed by notable Northwest architect Elmer Fisher, It was constructed in the latter half of 1889 as an investment property by Seattle politician Alonzo Hull, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 27, 1983. It is adjacent to the Battery Street Tunnel's south portal.
The Cabbage Whitefly is a species of whitefly from the Aleyrodidae family. It has a global distribution.
NoCGV Harstad is a purpose-built offshore patrol vessel for the Norwegian Coast Guard. She is named after the city Harstad in Northern Norway. As of May 2018, the commanding officer is Lt. Cmdr. Kyrre Einarsen.
The Man Who Never Was is a 1966 ABC-TV 20th Century Fox Television television series starring Robert Lansing and Dana Wynter. It has no connection with the more well known earlier 20th Century Fox book and film of the same name, and ran for only one season of 18 episodes between September 7, 1966, and January 4, 1967. It was produced by 20th Century Fox Television, was filmed in Europe with the pilot episode being filmed in Berlin and Munich. John Newland produced and directed most of the episodes. The original television pilot starred Canadian actor Don Harron as Mark Wainwright but a change in sponsor led to the new sponsor requesting Robert Lansing in the role.
Wilhelm Dörr was a German SS-Oberscharführer and concentration camp officer. He served as a guard at the Mittelbau-Dora concentration camp and as deputy commander of the sub-camp of Kleinbodungen. Following World War II he was convicted of war crimes by British occupation authorities in the Belsen Trial and executed.
Garth Newel Music Center is a 501c3 not-for-profit educational institute located on a 114-acre mountainside property near Hot Springs in Bath County, Virginia. Recipient of the 2012 CMAcclaim Award from Chamber Music America for their contributions to the field of chamber music, Garth Newel Music Center celebrated its 40th anniversary in the summer of 2013.
East Flores Regency is a regency in East Nusa Tenggara province of Indonesia. Established in 1958, the regency has its seat in Larantuka on Flores Island. It covers a land area of 1,813.20 km², and it had a population of 232,605 as of the 2010 census, and 246,742 at the 2015 Census. It encompasses the eastern tip of the island of Flores, together with all of the smaller islands of Adonara and Solor, both part of the Solor Archipelago. In 1999 the island of Lembata at the eastern end of the Archipelago was separated out to create its own Regency.
Gargina is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are found in the Neotropical realm.
Cheng Biguang was a Chinese Admiral from the late Qing Dynasty and the Republic of China. He served in the Beiyang Fleet and the Republic of China Navy. When Duan Qirui refused to validate the Constitution Cheng and fellow Admiral Lin Baoyi sailed their fleets down south to join with the 'Constitutional government' of Sun Yat-sen.
Karmøy is a municipality in Rogaland county, Norway. It is southwest of the town of Haugesund in the traditional district of Haugaland. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Kopervik.
Tamara Jenkins is an American filmmaker and occasional actress. She is best known for her feature films Slums of Beverly Hills, The Savages, and Private Life.
Zemo Kartli is a historical region in south-western Georgia, comprising the lands in the upper basin of the Kura River and Chorokhi River basin, making it subregion of greater Kartli. Until 16th century, Zemo Kartli included: Samtskhe, Javakheti, Erusheti, Artaani, Kola, Klarjeti, Shavsheti, Tao and Speri.
This is a list of ambassadors of the United States to the Dominican Republic.
Denis Aleksandrovich Shvidki is a Ukrainian-born Russian former professional ice hockey right wing who played 76 games in the National Hockey League with the Florida Panthers. He was drafted in the first round, 12th overall, by the Panthers in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft.
"Senri-Ch Station is a railway station on the Kita-Osaka Kyuko Railway and Osaka Monorail located in Toyonaka, Osaka, Japan. It is the main railway station in Senri New Town, and also called ""Sench""."
Adobe Dreamweaver is a proprietary web development tool from Adobe Inc. It was created by Macromedia in 1997 and developed by them until Macromedia was acquired by Adobe Systems in 2005.
The Schneehorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It lies east of the Wildstrubel, between the glaciers of Wildstrubel and Plaine Morte.
Sauzon is a commune on the island of Belle Île in the Morbihan department of the region of Brittany in north-western France.
Junghwa Station is a station on the Seoul Subway Line 7.
Oleksiy Oleksandrovych Mykhaylychenko is a Ukrainian football coach and former professional football player. He is a Distinguished Master of Sports of the USSR and a Distinguished Coach of Ukraine. During his playing days he was a versatile midfielder known for his stamina and passing capability. Also noted for his technique, Mykhaylychenko usually played as central attacking midfielder.
Carme Karr i Alfonsetti was a Spanish Catalan feminist, journalist, writer, musicologist and song-composer.
Butterley railway station is a preserved railway station on the Heritage Midland Railway - Butterley in Derbyshire.
The Chinese-American Composite Wing (Provisional) was a combined United States Army Air Forces and a Republic of China Air Force organization. It was administratively assigned to Fourteenth Air Force in China throughout its service, from 1 October 1943 – 1 August 1945.
The Comus class was a class of Royal Navy steam corvettes, re-classified as third-class cruisers in 1888. All were built between 1878 and 1881. The class exemplifies the transitional nature of the late Victorian navy. In design, materials, armament, and propulsion the class members resemble their wooden sailing antecedents, but blended with characteristics of the all-metal mastless steam cruisers which followed.
Frankfurt (Oder) is a town in Brandenburg, Germany, located on the west side of the Oder River, on the Germany-Poland border, about 80 kilometres east of Berlin.
Ribarroja Dam is a concrete gravity dam located in the province of Tarragona, Spain, that impounds the Ebro. About 35 km upstream of Ribarroja dam is Mequinenza dam. About 15 km downstream is Flix dam.
Vysotsk is a coastal town and a seaport in Vyborgsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the Karelian Isthmus, on the eastern shore of the Vyborg Bay, 12 kilometers southwest of Vyborg and 159 kilometers northwest of St. Petersburg. It hosts a base of the Russian Baltic Fleet and, since 2004, an oil terminal. Population: 1,244; 1,673; 929. In terms of population, it remains one of the smallest towns in Russia.
New Britain is the largest island in the Bismarck Archipelago, part of the Islands Region of Papua New Guinea. It is separated from New Guinea by a northwest corner of the Solomon Sea and from New Ireland by St. George's Channel. The main towns of New Britain are Rabaul/Kokopo and Kimbe. The island is roughly the size of Taiwan. While the island was part of German New Guinea, it was named Neupommern.
St Ursula's Church, Bern is an Anglican Episcopal church in Bern, Switzerland.
Graham Joyce was a British writer of speculative fiction and the recipient of numerous awards, including the O. Henry Award and the World Fantasy Award, for both his novels and short stories.
Brigadier General William Garnett Braithwaite, CB, CMG, DSO was a British Army officer who participated in the Boer War and the First World War.
The .300 Savage cartridge is a rimless, .30 caliber rifle cartridge developed by Savage Arms in 1920. It was designed to replace the less powerful .303 Savage in their popular Savage Model 99 hammerless lever-action rifle. Despite having a short case and a rather stumpy neck, the cartridge is capable of propelling a 150-grain bullet at over 2,600 ft/s with an effective range of over 300 yd.
Mickaël Buffaz is a former French professional road bicycle racer.
Charles Stevenson was an American film actor of the silent era. He appeared in 136 films between 1914 and 1925. He was born in Sacramento, California, and died in Palo Alto, California.
No. 66 Squadron was a Royal Australian Air Force maritime patrol squadron of World War II. It was formed in May 1943 as an emergency measure and disbanded in January 1944.
Mysterious Galaxy is an independent bookstore located in San Diego, California. It was founded in 1993 and caters mostly to fans of genre fiction such as mystery, fantasy, science fiction, and horror. It is noted for hosting book signings and readings by numerous authors of the genres.
Patrick Heusinger is an American actor, known for his roles on the television series Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce, Gossip Girl, Royal Pains and Absentia.
J. K. Institute of Applied Physics and Technology stands as one of the most prestigious colleges of India. The Department of Electronics and Communication is located in the Muir College Campus of the University of Allahabad
Paseo de Roxas is a prime commercial artery in the Makati Central Business District of Metro Manila, Philippines. It is a six-lane avenue that cuts through the middle of the business district connecting San Lorenzo Village in the west to Bel-Air Village in the east.
"The Tudor Crown, also known as Henry VIII's Crown, was the imperial and state crown used by the monarchs of England and Great Britain from around the time of Henry VIII up to the English Civil War in 1649. It was described by the art historian Sir Roy Strong as ""a masterpiece of early Tudor jeweller's art"", and its form has been compared to the crown of the Holy Roman Empire."
Eutaw Springs Battleground Park is a historic site located near Eutawville, Orangeburg County, South Carolina. It was the site of the American Revolutionary War Battle of Eutaw Springs. The battle occurred on September 8, 1781, and was the last major engagement of the war in the Carolinas. The site includes a historic marker and the tomb of British Commander Major John Marjoribanks.
Cyclamen coum, the eastern sowbread, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Cyclamen. It is a tuberous herbaceous perennial, growing to 5–8 cm, with rounded heart-shaped leaves and pink shell-shaped flowers with darker coloration at the base. It is valued in horticulture as groundcover, and for the flowers which bloom in winter and early spring.
Lock and Dam No. 2 is located along the Upper Mississippi River near Hastings, Minnesota and construction commenced in 1927. The eastern dam portion is 722 feet wide and has 19 tainter gates. A hydroelectric station that produces about 4.4 megawatts is owned by the city of Hastings, while the 110 by 600 feet lock is operated by the St. Paul district of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers' Mississippi Valley Division. There's also a wide earthen dam on the western side of the facility.
Makoto Moriyama is a Japanese professional baseball outfielder for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.
Aguada Fénix is a large Pre-Columbian Mayan ruin located in the state of Tabasco, Mexico, near the border with Guatemala. The Preclassic Maya site was discovered by aerial survey using laser mapping, and announced in 2020. The flattened mound, nearly a mile in length and between 33 and 50 feet tall, is described as the oldest and the largest Mayan ceremonial site known. The monumental structure is constructed of earth and clay, and is believed to have been built from around 1000 BC to 800 BC.
USS General Bragg (1851) was a heavy steamer captured by Union Navy forces during the American Civil War. She was outfitted as a U.S. Navy gunboat and was assigned to enforce the Union blockade of the waterways of the Confederate States of America.
Christopher Tostrup Paus, Count of Paus was a Norwegian landowner, heir to the timber firm Tostrup & Mathiesen, papal chamberlain and count, known as philanthropist, art collector and socialite in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. He inherited a fortune from his grandfather, timber magnate Christopher Tostrup, and lived for decades in Rome; in 1923 he bought the estate Herresta in Sweden which is still owned by descendants of his cousin Herman Paus who was married to a granddaughter of Leo Tolstoy. He gave large donations to museums in Scandinavia and to the Catholic Church. A convert to Catholicism, he was appointed as a papal chamberlain by Pope Benedict XV in 1921 and conferred the title of count by Pope Pius XI in 1923. He was the recipient of numerous papal and Scandinavian honours. He was a first cousin once removed of playwright Henrik Ibsen and was the only Ibsen relative to visit Ibsen during his decades-long exile when he wrote his most famous works.
Radzki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narew, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.
The Battle of Lisnagarvey was fought on 6 December 1649, near Lisnagarvey, County Antrim, during the Irish Confederate Wars, an associated conflict of the 1638 to 1651 Wars of the Three Kingdoms. Forces loyal to the Commonwealth of England defeated an army supporting Charles II of England, composed of Royalists and Scots Covenanters.
Gholamreza Aavani is an Iranian philosopher and an emeritus professor of philosophy at Shahid Beheshti University in Tehran. A former head of the Institute for Research in Philosophy, Aavani is a member of the Academy of Sciences of Iran and a steering committee Member of the International Federation of Philosophical Societies. He has also served as the Kenan Rifai Distinguished Professor of Islamic Studies at Beijing University, China.
Nishi-Fujiwara Station is a terminal railway station in Inabe, Mie Prefecture, Japan. It is located 26.5 rail kilometres from the opposing terminus of the Sangi Line at Kintetsu-Tomida Station.
Denver is a village in southern Worth County, Missouri, United States. The population was 39 at the 2010 census.
"De Winton's golden mole is a species of mammal in the family Chrysochloridae. It is endemic to South Africa. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation, and sandy shores. It is threatened by habitat destruction. It is ""critically endangered"" and may be extinct."
The Battle of St. Kitts or St. Cristopher was a successful Spanish expedition that seized the islands of Saint Kitts and Nevis from the English and French during the Anglo-Spanish War.
The former Norwalk City Hall, located in South Norwalk was built in 1912. The building has since been added, on March 23, 1995, to the National Register of Historic Places. Norwalk's city hall is now located at 125 East Avenue.
Excalfactoria is a genus composed of two species of Old World quail - the king quail and blue quail.
Matthew James Taylor is an English professional football manager and former player who played as a centre back. He is the manager of League Two club Exeter City.
Nam Phrik Num is a kind of “Nam phrik”. It is commonly served in a small bowl or saucer placed by the main dish as a condiment or a dip, mostly for uncooked or boiled vegetables, sticky rice, or pork crackling.
Østfold is a traditional region, a former county and a current electoral district in southeastern Norway. It borders Akershus and southwestern Sweden, while Buskerud and Vestfold are on the other side of Oslofjord. The county's administrative seat was Sarpsborg. The county controversially became part of the newly established Viken County on 1 January 2020.
Sir Robert Fletcher was an officer of the East India Company and a member of parliament for Cricklade. Fletcher joined the East India Company as a junior clerk in 1757 but soon transferred to its army. As a lieutenant he was cashiered for insolence but was late restored. Fletcher was awarded a knighthood for gallantry in battle and rose in rank to lieutenant-colonel in command of a brigade. He was court-martialled and cashiered for the second time by Robert Clive for involvement in the 1766 Monghyr Mutiny.
The Tivoli Variety Theatre in Dublin, Ireland, started life as the Conciliation Hall in 1834. Located on Burgh Quay, Dublin 2; It was built as a meeting place for Daniel O'Connell's Repeal Association. In 1897, it was rebuilt as a concert hall called the Grand Lyric Hall and changed name to the Lyric Theatre of Varieties the following year. It became known as the Tivoli in 1901. It was a modest sized music hall with seating for 1252 patrons.
USNS Kiska (T-AE-35), ex-USS Kiska was one of five ammunition ships operated by Military Sealift Command of the Naval Fleet Auxiliary Force. The ship was laid down on 8 April 1971 at Ingalls Shipbuilding, Pascagoula, Mississippi as USS Kiska and was launched on 11 March 1972. Originally commissioned on December 16, 1972 she was decommissioned on 1 August 1996, and that same day entered service with Military Sealift Command as USNS Kiska (T-AE-35). She continued to operate under Military Sealift Command's control until she was deactivated at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, on January 15, 2011.
Pozoamargo is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2006 census, the municipality has a population of 382 inhabitants.
Asterina gibbosa, commonly known as the starlet cushion star, is a species of starfish in the family Asterinidae. It is native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea.
Royal Air Force Bibury or more simply RAF Bibury is a former Royal Air Force satellite airfield located north east of Cirencester, Gloucestershire, England.
Diego Ferraresso, or simply Diego, is a Brazilian-born Bulgarian footballer who plays as a full-back for Ekstraklasa side Cracovia.
Higashikushiro Station is a JR Hokkaido railway station in Kushiro, Hokkaid. It is the junction of Nemuro Main Line and Senm Main Line. It opened on March 16, 1925.
Bathinda district is in Malwa region of Punjab, India. The districts encompass an area of 3,385 square kilometers. According to the area, Bathinda District is the third-largest in Punjab. It is bounded by Faridkot district and Moga district on the north, Mukatsar district on the west, Barnala and Mansa districts on the east, and the state of Haryana on the south. Bathinda is cotton producing belt of Punjab.
Johannes Cornelis Anceaux was a Dutch linguist and anthropologist known for his extensive work on Papuan and Austronesian languages.
Boislav is a village and municipality in Teplice District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.
Calabogie Lake is a reservoir lake in the municipality of Greater Madawaska, Renfrew County in Eastern Ontario, Canada. It is on the Madawaska River system, is part of the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin, and is located in the geographic townships of Bagot Township and Blythfield Township.
Parliamentary elections were held in Andorra on 7 April 2019, electing all 28 seats of the General Council. Although they remained the largest party, the Democrats for Andorra lost their parliamentary majority after losing four seats. The Social Democratic Party gained four seats, becoming the second-largest party.
The station Nürnberg Nordost, colloquial form Nordostbahnhof, is a railway station in Nuremberg, Germany.
Ranis is a town in the Saale-Orla-Kreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 15 km east of Saalfeld, and 30 km south of Jena.
Liopropoma rubre, the peppermint bass or swissguard basslet, is a species of marine ray-finned fish, related to the groupers and classified within the subfamily Epinephelinae of the family Serranidae. It is found in the western Atlantic Ocean. This species is utilised in the aquarium trade.
Y or Yu or Yuu is a very common Japanese given name used by either sex.
Henry Campbell Liken McCullough was a Northern Irish guitarist, singer and songwriter. He was best known for his work as a member of Spooky Tooth, the Grease Band, and Paul McCartney and Wings. He also performed and recorded as a solo artist and session musician.
Mufti Nemat, also known as Mufti Nematullah Qaweem or Mullah Nemat Mufti, is an Afghan militant and Salafist cleric who served as a field commander for the Taliban and later the Islamic State's Khorasan Province in northern Afghanistan, particularly Jowzjan Province. While waging an insurgency against the Afghan government, he has been accused of committing several war crimes.
Cunlhat is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Lviv is the capital city of Lviv Oblast in Ukraine. 860,000 people live in Lviv. 88% of the people living there are Ukrainian, 8% are Russian, and 1% are Polish. An extra 200,000 people commute to Lviv every day for work.
Holland Township is a civil township of Missaukee County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 248 at the 2010 census.
"Watten, regionally also called Watteln or Wattlung, is a card game that is mainly played in Bavaria, Austria, Switzerland and South Tyrol. There are several main variants: Bavarian, Bohemian, South Tyrolean, Tyrolean, Kritisch and Blind Watten. It is usually a 4-player game, which is ""by far the most interesting"", but it may also be played by 2 or 3 players. Parlett says that ""though hard to describe, Watten is fun to play and easy to learn."""
Gaston Cornereau was a French fencer. He placed fourth in the individual épée competition at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
The 2011–12 season of Bayern Munich began on 27 June with their first training session. In the yearly Forbes' list of the most valuable football clubs, Bayern Munich were ranked the fifth-most valuable team in the world.
The Wilson Trail is a 78-kilometre long-distance footpath in Hong Kong, 63 km of which runs through Hong Kong country parks. It was named after David Wilson, Baron Wilson of Tillyorn, who was Governor of Hong Kong from 1987 to 1992. The Wilson Trail was developed by Friends of the Country Park and sponsored by various private organisations. The construction work of the trail began in 1994. The Wilson Trail was first opened on 21 January 1996.
HMS Jaguar (F37), was a Leopard-class Type 41 anti-aircraft frigate of the British Royal Navy, named after the jaguar. Jaguar was the last frigate built by William Denny and Brothers for the Royal Navy. Unlike the rest of her class, she was fitted with controllable pitch propellers.
Fort McIntosh was a U.S. Army base in Laredo, Webb County, Texas, that existed from 1849 to 1946.
Sun Yat-sen Mausoleum Music Stage is a building affiliated to the complex of Sun Yat-sen Mausoleum, located in the southeast of Sun Yat-sen Mausoleum Square in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, China. Covering an area of more than 4,200 square meters, it is an open-air stage mainly used to hold ceremonies, musical performances and assembly speeches to commemorate Dr. Sun Yat-sen. The stage was designed by Yang Tingbao and built by the Liyuan Construction Company for 95,000 RMB donated by the San Francisco Chinese-Americans as well as the Liaoning Province Kuomintang branch. The construction project was started in the fall of 1932 and completed in August, 1933.
Naoki Yoshikawa is a Japanese professional baseball 2nd baseman for the Yomiuri Giants in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.
Tomato and egg soup is a dish from China consisting mainly of tomato and egg. It is a relatively easy soup to make, and as such is one of the most popular soups in households.
"The Medal ""Veteran of the Armed Forces of the USSR"" was a long service award of the Armed Forces of the Soviet Union established on May 20, 1976 by decree of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR and awarded for twenty-five years of impeccable service to troops of the army, navy, of internal forces and of border troops. Its statute was twice amended by further decrees of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR, first on July 18, 1980 and lastly on January 10, 1984."
Yuri Mikhailovich Vyshinsky was a Russian filmmaker and screenwriter. He became an Honored Artist of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic in 1983.
Fabio Sacchi is an Italian former professional road bicycle racer who raced for the Team Polti, Saeco Macchine per Caffè, Fassa Bortolo, Team Milram and Preti Mangimi teams.
Virginie Tellenne better known by her alias Frigide Barjot, is a French humorist, columnist and political activist. A former socialite of the Parisian nightlife, who organized events defending the Catholic faith in the 2000s, Barjot rose to prominence in the early 2010s in France as a vocal campaigner against same-sex marriage and LGBT adoption.
The Mercury Park Lane is a full-size automobile which was produced by the Mercury division of Ford Motor Company. While not officially introduced as the replacement of the Mercury Turnpike Cruiser, the Park Lane became the flagship of the Mercury model line upon its introduction. The second-generation Park Lane was positioned above the Mercury Montclair.
Lymantria dispar dispar, commonly known as the gypsy moth, European gypsy moth, or North American gypsy moth, is a moth in the family Erebidae that is of Eurasian origin. It has a range that extends over Europe, Africa, and North America.
The Police Commissioner of Mumbai is the chief of the Mumbai Police. The commissioner is appointed by the Maharashtra State Government on the recommendation by the Establishment Board, which includes Additional Chief Secretary—Home department and other senior bureaucrats.
Toyooka is a village located in Nagano Prefecture, Japan. As of 1 April 2019, the village had an estimated population of 6,704 in 2156 households, and a population density of 87 persons per km². The total area of the village is 85.2 square kilometres.
"Artos is a regional soft drink and the first aerated soft drink in the state of Andhra Pradesh. It was first named as ""Ramachandra Raju soft drinks"" and later renamed as A.R Raju Tonics and later converted into Artos. It was originated in Ramachandrapuram in East Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh. At first, Ramachandra Raju bought a soda machine from British collectorate but he don't know how to use it. Later, he came to Visakhapatnam with the machine and meet a person in Port and he helped the machine with new parts and also told how to use it and he returned to Ramachandrapuram and started marketing it as a soda drink in 1912. At first, local people scared to drink due to gaseous content or some myths but after observing British soldiers consuming it they started. In 1919, it was officially made as a drink and the required sugars, gas and flavours are imported from Europe. But during 2nd world war the imports have stopped and many industries in India halted. But Artos continued it's production from the flavour taken from fruits. Many international companies offers franchises but Artos never stopped."
Sasmuan, officially the Municipality of Sasmuan, formerly known by its Spanish name Sexmoán, is a 4th class municipality in the province of Pampanga, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 28,004 people.
Virtual Magnifying Glass is an open-source, screen magnification tool for Microsoft Windows and Linux.
Laurence Daniel Hurst FRS FMedSci is a Professor of Evolutionary Genetics in the Department of Biology and Biochemistry at the University of Bath and the director of the Milner Centre for Evolution.
Oluwarotimi Odunayo Akeredolu, SAN, or Rotimi Akeredolu, is a Nigerian politician and lawyer who is also the Governor of Ondo State, Nigeria and also a Senior Advocate of Nigeria who became president of the Nigerian Bar Association in 2008. Akeredolu was also a Managing Partner at the Law Firm of Olujinmi & Akeredolu, a Law Firm he co-founded with Chief Akin Olujinmi, a former Attorney General and Minister for Justice in Nigeria. On 21/07/20 he was declared as the Ondo governorship primary election under the platform of APC.
Genova Piazza Principe railway station is the central station of Genoa and is located on Piazza Acquaverde, occupying the entire north side of Via Andrea Doria—where the station entrance is located—in the town centre and a short distance from the Palazzo del Principe, from which it takes its name. It is used by about 66,000 passengers per day and 24,000,000 per year. The first temporary station was opened in 1854 at the end of the line from Turin. Lines were later opened to Milan, Rome and the French border at Ventimiglia.
Michito Sakaki is an Australian rules football player from Japan.
Porat is a mixed moshav in central Israel. Located in the Sharon plain between Ein Vered and Kfar Yabetz, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council. In 2018 it had a population of 1,256.
Kadrina Parish is a rural municipality in Lääne-Viru County, northern Estonia. It covers an area of 329.26 km² and has a population of 5,156. The parish has had its current borders since 2005, when Saksi Parish was dissolved and Kiku, Pariisi and Salda villages were merged to Kadrina Parish, the larger part of Saksi Parish was added to Tapa Parish.
Guus Zeegers was a Dutch middle-distance runner. He competed in the men's 800 metres at the 1928 Summer Olympics. He was a younger brother of middle-distance runner Jan Zeegers.
Tegal Regency is one of the regencies in the northwest part of Central Java province of Indonesia, with an area of 876.1 km². The administrative center used to be in Tegal City, in the northwest corner of the regency, but then Tegal City was administratively separated from the regency and formed into its own territory. The city was later replaced as the administrative center of Tegal Regency by Slawi Town, which is a suburb about 20 km to the south of the city and within the district boundary.
Pirituba is a train station on CPTM Line 7-Ruby, located in the district of Pirituba in São Paulo.
Taheva Parish was a rural municipality of Estonia, in Valga County. It occupied an area of 204.70 km² with a population of 925.
Saint-Jean-le-Blanc is a former commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune Terres de Druance.
Podlesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cisek, within Kdzierzyn-Kole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres south of Cisek, 16 km south of Kdzierzyn-Kole, and 55 km south of the regional capital Opole.
Saint Paul University is a bilingual Catholic Pontifical university federated with the University of Ottawa since 1965. It is located on Main Street in Canada's capital city: Ottawa, Ontario. Fully bilingual, it offers instruction in the Country's both official languages: French and English. The university has been entrusted for over a century and a half to the Congregation of the Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate. In August 1866, the university was endowed a civil charter that was passed by the government which was then called the Province of Canada. It later received a pontifical declaration promulgated by Pope Leo XIII on 5 February 1889.
Valentine is a city in Cherry County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 2,737 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Cherry County.
Venur or Venoor is a small village on the banks of the Phalguni river in Belthangady Taluk, Dakshina Kannada of Karnataka, India. It was once the seat of Jainism and the capital of the Ajila Dynasty. It is on the Dharmasthala-Moodabidri-Karkala route on the coastal religious circuit in the Karnataka State of India.
Bergantiños is a comarca in the Galician Province of A Coruña. The overall population of this local region is 70,698.
Wilfried Edgar Barth was a German Formula One and sports car racing driver.
Vieux-Lixheim is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
"Candice ""Kandyse"" McClure is a South African-born Canadian actress. She has played Anastasia Dualla on the Sci Fi Channel's television program Battlestar Galactica, and Dr. Clementine Chasseur on the Netflix original series Hemlock Grove."
The Mauna Kea Ice Age Natural Area Reserve is a Hawaii state natural reserve that includes the Mauna Kea Adz Quarry, on the southern slope of Mauna Kea on the island of the Hawaii.
"West Park, officially the City of West Park, is a municipality in Broward County, Florida, United States. It was created on March 1, 2005. It is located in the southeastern part of the county and consists of the neighborhoods of Carver Ranches, Lake Forest, Miami Gardens, and Utopia. A large portion of the city lies west of the town of Pembroke Park, so the new city was called ""West Park"". With a population of 14,156 as of the 2010 census, the city is bordered by Miami-Dade County on the south, Pembroke Park on the east, Hollywood on the north and Miramar on the west."
Charmayne James is a retired barrel racer who was inducted into the National Cowgirl Museum and Hall of Fame in 1992 and the ProRodeo Hall of Fame in 2017. The August 2017 induction ceremony was ProRodeo's 38th annual event, and marked the first time in the event's history that the class of inductees included barrel racers from the Women's Professional Rodeo Association. James' horse, Gils Bay Boy, nicknamed Scamper, was inducted into the ProRodeo Hall of Fame in 1996.
The Kurdistan Region parliamentary elections of 2009 took place on 25 July 2009. A total of 2.5 million citizens of Kurdistan Region were eligible to vote for the parliamentary and presidential elections. People currently living outside Kurdistan Region were not allowed to vote. The elections followed the 2005 Kurdistan Region parliamentary election. The parliamentary elections coincided with the direct election of the President of Kurdistan. Unlike the parliamentary elections in 2005, the president of Kurdistan was to be chosen directly through popular votes. A referendum to approve the constitution of Kurdistan Region originally planned for the same day was put back to 1 August.
Giovanni Bartolomeo Bosco was an Italian magician during the mid-19th century. He is best known for his adroitness with the famous Cups and Balls.
Nagar is a district located in Gilgit-Baltistan, which is the northernmost autonomous territory in Pakistan. It was established in 2015 by the division of Hunza–Nagar District in a bid to establish more administrative units in the region.
The Chicago, Milwaukee and Saint Paul Railway Iron River Depot, located in Iron River, Michigan, was built by the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad in 1913. The brick depot has a modified Neoclassical design and is rectangular in shape. The depot has a covered porch on one end that connected to the waiting room. The station agent's office was located in the middle of the building, and a freight room was on the other end.
The Capitol Centre was a building formerly located near the Capitol Theatre in Singapore. It was first built as a temporary resettlement centre in 1976, a parking station in 1985, a design centre in 1992, and back to a retail centre in 1995. The centre was demolished in 2012 under Capitol Singapore redevelopment project.
Louis Joel Mordell was an American-born British mathematician, known for pioneering research in number theory. He was born in Philadelphia, United States, in a Jewish family of Lithuanian extraction.
The Cottbus tramway is a network of tramways forming the backbone of the public transport system in Cottbus, a city in the federal state of Brandenburg, Germany.
Christian Gauseth is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Mjøndalen in Eliteserien. He has previously played for 1. divisjon sides Molde, Bryne and Alta.
Nottingham Playhouse is a theatre in Nottingham, Nottinghamshire, England. It was first established as a repertory theatre in 1948 when it operated from a former cinema in Goldsmith Street. Directors during this period included Val May and Frank Dunlop. The current building opened in 1963.
Marion Columbus Hedgepeth – also known as the Handsome Bandit, the Debonair Bandit, the Derby Kid and the Montana Bandit – was a famous Wild West outlaw.
The Nikon D300 is a 12.3-megapixel semi-professional DX format digital single-lens reflex camera that Nikon Corporation announced on 23 August 2007 along with the Nikon D3 FX format camera. It replaced the D200 as Nikon's DX format flagship DSLR. The D300 was discontinued by Nikon on September 11, 2009, being replaced by the modified Nikon D300S, which was released July 30, 2009. The D300S remained the premier Nikon DX camera until the D7100 was released in early 2013.
Grande Prairie is a city in northwest Alberta, Canada within the southern portion of an area known as Peace River Country. It is located at the intersection of Highway 43 and Highway 40, approximately 456 km northwest of Edmonton. The city is surrounded by the County of Grande Prairie No. 1.
Matthew 27:11 is the eleventh verse of the twenty-seventh chapter of the Gospel of Matthew in the New Testament. This verse brings the narrative back to Pilate's Court, and the final trial of Jesus.
The Rural Municipality of Leroy No. 339 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 10 and SARM Division No. 5. It is located east of Saskatoon.
Cross Lanes is a
"Maqluba or Maqlooba is a traditional Syrian, Iraqi, Lebanese, Palestinian, and Jordanian dish served throughout the Levant. It consists of meat, rice, and fried vegetables placed in a pot which is flipped upside down when served, hence the name maqluba, which translates literally as ""upside-down."" The dish goes back centuries and is found in the Kitab al-Tabikh, a collection of 13th century recipes."
Florian Howald is a Swiss orienteering competitor. At the 2016 World Orienteering Championships in Strömstad he won a silver medal in mixed sprint relay with the Swiss team, along with Rahel Friederich, Martin Hubmann and Judith Wyder.
Nås is a locality situated in Vansbro Municipality in Dalarna County in Sweden. In 2010, 417 people lived there.
Randal Alexander Grichuk is an American professional baseball outfielder for the Toronto Blue Jays of Major League Baseball. The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim drafted him in the first round of the 2009 MLB draft from Lamar Consolidated High School in Rosenberg, Texas. He played five seasons in the Angels' minor leagues system, losing time to injury but also developing home-run hitting ability throughout. The Angels traded him to the St. Louis Cardinals in November 2013, and he made his major league debut on April 28, 2014.
Akbarov Nizami Alisahib - Professor of Organic chemistry and chemical technology in Azerbaijan, State Pedagogical University.
Luna Island is a very small uninhabited island in the Niagara River, in the U. S. state of New York.
The 230th Coastal Defense Division was created in April 1942 for the defense of Alta in the Norwegian Finnmark.
Richard Hakluyt was an English writer. He is famous for his efforts in promoting the settlement of North America by the English through his works. His most important books are Divers Voyages Touching the Discoverie of America and The Principal Navigations, Voiages, Traffiques and Discoueries of the English Nation.
Tammelinn is a neighbourhood of Tartu, Estonia. It has a population of 8,153 and an area of 3.11 km².
Thunderation is an outdoor mine train roller coaster at Silver Dollar City in Branson, Missouri. It was developed by Arrow Dynamics and manufactured by Intermountain Lift, Inc. It opened in 1993. The third and fifth cars of the roller coaster used to point backwards. This has since been changed.
Pernell Saturnino is a Grammy Award winning percussionist from the Caribbean island of Curaçao. Currently Pernell Saturnino is living in Curaçao and started a home based drum/percussion school.
The 1936 Manukau by-election was a by-election during the 25th New Zealand Parliament in the Manukau electorate. It was held on Wednesday 30 September 1936. This by-election came about because of the resignation of Bill Jordan during the term of the 25th New Zealand Parliament. The by-election in the Manukau electorate was contested by Arthur Osborne for Labour and Frederick Doidge for National, with Osborne winning the election.
Kaldrma is a village in Croatia.
Interstate 80 is an Interstate Highway in the United States. It goes from San Francisco, California east to Teaneck, New Jersey. The route is 2,919.596 miles long and goes through 11 states. I-80 crosses the states of California, Nevada, Utah, Wyoming, Nebraska, Iowa, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey.
The Queen Elizabeth II Silver Jubilee Medal was a commemorative medal created in 1977 to mark the twenty-fifth anniversary of Elizabeth II's accession in the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. The medal was physically identical in all realms where it was awarded, save for Canada, where it contained unique elements. As an internationally distributed award, the Queen Elizabeth II Silver Jubilee Medal holds a different place in each country's order of precedence for honours.
Baron Hastings is a title that has been created three times. The first creation was in the Peerage of England in 1290, and is extant. The second creation was in the Peerage of England in 1299, and became extinct on the death of the first holder in c. 1314. The third creation was in the Peerage of England in 1461, and has been in abeyance since 1960.
Bad Orb is a spa town in the Main-Kinzig-Kreis district of Hesse, Germany. It is situated 32 kilometres east of Hanau between the forested hills of the Spessart. Bad Orb has a population of over 9000. Its economy is dominated by the health and tourism sectors.
The Peterhoff was a building in Shimla which has housed at least seven Viceroys and Governors General of India during the British Raj. It has been built in typical Tudor style – all wooden frames and shingled eaves.
Linda Lai Chiu-han, also known as Linda Chiu-han Lai, is a Hong Kong-based academic, artist, curator and art historian working at the intersections of experimental video art, interactive media and cultural history. Lai is Associate Professor at the School of Creative Media at the City University of Hong Kong. She is the founder and artistic director of the Writing Machine Collective and runs a self-funded art space called Floating Projects and works as an independent curator of moving image.
Teising is a municipality in the district of Altötting in Bavaria in Germany and belongs to the parish Burgkirchen am Wald. The village is located very centrally between the towns of Altötting and Mühldorf am Inn. Since 2008 most traffic is rerouted to the nearby freeway A94, which help the village center gain considerably in attractiveness.
Olette is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
The Documentation Centre of Austrian Resistance was established in 1963. Its main topics deal with research concerning resistance and persecution from 1938 until 1945, exile, Nazi crimes, right-wing extremism after 1945, and victims' reparations.
Jason S. Campbell is a former American football quarterback who played in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Washington Redskins in the first round of the 2005 NFL Draft. He played college football at Auburn. Campbell also played for the Oakland Raiders, Chicago Bears, Cleveland Browns, and Cincinnati Bengals.
"Cairo is the capital and largest city in Egypt. The city name can be translated as the one who won. Cairo is sometimes called ""Mother of the World"".
The McManus: Dundee's Art Gallery and Museum is a Gothic Revival-style building, located in the centre of Dundee, Scotland. The building houses a museum and art gallery with a collection of fine and decorative art as well as a natural history collection. It is protected as a Category A listed building.
The Beths are a New Zealand indie pop band, originally from Auckland, New Zealand.
Taldom is a town in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located 110 kilometers north of Moscow, on a suburban railway connecting Moscow to Savyolovo. Population: 13,819; 13,334; 14,410.
Vance Township is a township in Vermilion County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,057 and it contained 457 housing units.
Crooksville is a village in Perry County, Ohio, United States, along Moxahala Creek. The population was 2,534 at the 2010 census. It was the home of Hull pottery, one of the best known Ohio potteries.
The Brisk & Jacobson Store is a historic Italianate-style commercial building in Mobile, Alabama. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 14, 1973.
Saint-Brieuc – Armor Airport is an airport situated 7.5 km northwest of Saint-Brieuc, a commune of the Côtes-d'Armor department in the Brittany region of northwestern France.
Ajay Kumar Saroj is an Indian middle-distance runner. He won gold medals in the 1500 m event at the 2016 South Asian Games and the 2017 Asian Athletics Championships.
Déols is a commune in the department of Indre in the Centre-Val de Loire Region of central France.
Rex Lee is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Lloyd Lee in the HBO series Entourage and his role as Elliot Park in the television sitcom Young & Hungry.
"Abd al-Rahman Shahbandar was a prominent Syrian nationalist during the French Mandate of Syria and a leading opponent of compromise with French authority. His devotion to Arab nationalism dated to the days of the Committee of Union and Progress and its ""Turkification"" policies. He supported the Arab Revolt during World War I and briefly headed the foreign ministry under Emir Faisal.
The major sallow is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found from the northeastern parts of the United States west across the southern boreal forest to western Alberta. The exact southern range is uncertain, as populations from the southeastern USA south to Texas are brighter blue-green and appear to be a separate species.
Aviation Nation, sometimes referred to as America's Air Show, is the annual award-winning air show of the United States Air Force. The show is hosted at Nellis Air Force Base in November of each year.
Cross Village Township is a civil township of Emmet County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the township population was 281.
James A Bartram was a leading pioneer in the Western Australian town of Beverley.
Lau Crater is an impact crater in the Mare Australe quadrangle of Mars, located at 74.4°S latitude and 107.8°W longitude. It is 104.9 km in diameter. It was named after Danish astronomer Hans E. Lau, and the name was approved in 1973 by the International Astronomical Union Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature.
Krampfer Palace is 18th-century palace located in the village of Krampfer in the municipality of Plattenburg, near Perleberg, Prignitz district, Brandenburg, Germany. The palace estate covers approximately 4,700 acres. There have been a number of spelling variations for Krampfer over the years, including Cramuir, Kranauer, Cramber, tu Kramvyr, van Kraenvoerde and Kranffer.
Weinberg House is a historicist villa at Bahnhofstraße 26 in the town of Waren in the German state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania. Despite subsequent modifications the house is one of the sights of the town. It is known in German as Schloss Weinberg, or colloquially as the Weinbergschloss.
Eugene Richard Michael, known as Stick, was an American shortstop, coach, scout, manager and executive in Major League Baseball who played for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Los Angeles Dodgers, New York Yankees, and Detroit Tigers from 1966 to 1975. After his playing career, Michael managed the Yankees and Chicago Cubs, and served as the Yankees' general manager. Michael built the Yankees team that became a dynasty in the late 1990s.
Sylvie Le Noach is a retired French swimmer. At the 1972 Summer Olympics, she competed in the 4 × 100 m medley relay and 100 m and 200 m backstroke, but did not reach the finals. She won a bronze medal in the 4 × 100 m freestyle relay at the 1974 European Aquatics Championships. She finished sixth in the same event at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
"Hospital de Clínicas ""Dr. Manuel Quintela"" is a hospital in the Parque Batlle neighborhood of Montevideo, Uruguay. It belongs to the Faculty of Medicine of the University of the Republic. It functions as a general hospital, and is a general reference institution. The building was designed by architect Carlos Surraco in 1928–1929. The Hospital was inaugurated on 21 September 1953. For many years it was led by Hugo Villar, who was a considerable influence on the institution. The hospital has a built-up area of 110,000 m2 on 23 floors arranged."
Sarah Choate Sears was an American art collector, art patron, cultural entrepreneur, artist and photographer.
Manor Solomon is an Israeli footballer who currently plays as a forward for Shakhtar Donetsk and Israel national team.
The Autonomous Republic of Crimea is, de jure, an autonomous republic of Ukraine encompassing most of Crimea that was annexed by the Russian Federation in 2014.
The Protocol of Corfu, signed on May 17, 1914, was an agreement between the representatives of the Albanian Government and the Provisional Government of Northern Epirus, which officially recognized the area of Northern Epirus as an autonomous self-governing region under the sovereignty of the prince of the newly established Principality of Albania. The agreement granted the Greeks of the districts of Korytsa and Argyrokastro, which form Northern Epirus, wider religious, educational, cultural and political autonomy, inside the borders of the Albanian state.
This is a timeline documenting events of Jazz in the year 1969.
Russell-Heath House is a historic home located near Stoneboro, Kershaw County, South Carolina. It was built about 1830, and renovated about 1906. The main block is a two-story, rectangular structure with a lateral gable roof and a one-story, gable-roof wing. It has clapboard siding and a brick pier foundation. The façade has a projecting Classical Revival portico with four granite pillars. Also on the property are two contributing early-20th century, vertical plank sheds.
The African emerald cuckoo is a species of cuckoo that is native to Africa.
Eightmile is an unincorporated community in Morrow County, Oregon, United States, on Oregon Route 206, at an elevation of 2,720 feet.
Järvselja Nature Reserve is a nature reserve situated in south-eastern Estonia, in Tartu County.
Pelago is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region Tuscany, located about 20 kilometres east of Florence. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 7,396 and an area of 54.8 square kilometres.
Leonard Alson Sawyer was a politician in the American state of Washington. He represented the 25th district as a Democrat initially elected in 1955, serving until 1975. He was Speaker of the House from 1973 to 1977. He was born in Puyallup, Washington and attended the University of Washington Law School. A veteran of World War II in the United States Navy, Sawyer was an attorney. On August 19, 2015, Sawyer died at the age of 90.
Tiffany Ariana Trump is an American socialite. She is the fourth child of the 45th and current president of the United States, Donald Trump, and the only child with his second wife, Marla Maples.
Reginald Fils-Aimé is an American businessman, most recognized as the former president and chief operating officer of Nintendo of America, the North American division of the Japanese video game company Nintendo, from 2006 to 2019, succeeding Tatsumi Kimishima. Prior to his promotion to President and COO, Fils-Aimé was Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing.
Qubur Bene Isra'in or Qubur Bani Isra'il, are four, formerly five, huge stone structures dated to the Middle Bronze Age, which rise from a rocky plateau overlooking Wadi Qelt in the West Bank, about 3.5 miles northeast of Jerusalem, between Hizma and Geva Binyamin along Highway 437.
Manuel Ruiz de Lopera y Ávalos is the former owner and chairman of the Spanish football club Real Betis.
Voices of Remembrance is an outdoor 2004 art installation by Valerie Otani, installed in north Portland, Oregon's Kenton neighborhood. The work is installed at TriMet's Expo Center station along the MAX Yellow Line, which was previously the site of the 1942 Portland Assembly Center.
Solfrid Lerbrekk is a Norwegian politician.
Navalmoralejo is a municipality located in the province of Toledo, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2006 census, the municipality has a population of 63 inhabitants.
An-Li Pretorius-Kachelhoffer is a road cyclist from South Africa who rides for the Lotto Soudal Ladies team. She participated at the 2014 UCI Road World Championships. In 2016, she won the South African National Road Race Championships. She represented South Africa at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the women's road race in which she finished 39th with a time of 4:01:29.
Space Shuttle Challenger was the second orbiter of NASA's Space Shuttle program to be put into service, after Columbia. Challenger was built by Rockwell International's Space Transportation Systems Division, in Downey, California. Its maiden flight, STS-6, began on April 4, 1983. The orbiter was launched and landed nine times before disintegrating 73 seconds into its tenth mission, STS-51-L, on January 28, 1986, resulting in the deaths of all seven crew members including a civilian school teacher.
The sáo is a family of flutes found in Vietnam that is traditionally thought to contain the culture and spirit of Vietnam's countryside. The most common variety is played with the flutist holding the sáo transversely to the right side with his or her mouth placed at the blowing hole. Other varieties include the Sáo Dc, a kind of recorder similar to the Thai Khlui, the Sáo Bu, and the Sáo ôi, a recorder played by the Muong people. The sáo is usually performed solo or in an ensemble among other instruments in orchestras of Vietnamese popular opera Chèo, Van singing genre, and Royal Small Orchestra.
Big Creek Bridge was a historic structure located northeast of Madrid, Iowa, United States. It spanned Big Creek for 43 feet. The Marsh arch bridge was designed by Des Moines engineer James B. Marsh. It was completed in 1916. The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. The historic span was replaced by a new bridge in 2004.
"The Leo Burnett Building, located on 35 West Wacker Drive at North Dearborn Street in the Chicago Loop, is a 50-story, 635 foot tall skyscraper above the Chicago River's Main Stem on the southern bank. When built in 1989, it was the 12th tallest structure in Chicago. It was designed by Kevin Roche-John Dinkeloo and Associates and Shaw & Associates. It is a postmodern design made with granite, masonry, glass, steel and concrete. The windows are divided by stainless steel bars, which is typical of ""Chicago windows."""
Catharine Carter Critcher was an American painter. A native of Westmoreland County, Virginia, she worked in Paris and Washington, D.C. before becoming, in 1924, a member of the Taos Society of Artists, the only woman ever elected to that body.
The Monongahela Incline is a funicular located near the Smithfield Street Bridge in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Built by John Endres in 1870, it is the oldest continuously operating funicular in the United States. It is also one of two surviving inclines from the original 17 passenger-carrying inclines built in Pittsburgh starting in the late 19th century. Its lower station is across the street from the Station Square shopping complex, and is easily accessible from the light rail system at the Station Square station.
Alec Newman is a Scottish actor best known for portraying Paul Atreides in the Sci Fi Channel's 2000 miniseries adaptation of Frank Herbert's Dune.
Eucalyptus sideroxylon, commonly known as mugga ironbark, or red ironbark is a small to medium-sized tree that is endemic to eastern Australia. It has dark, deeply furrowed ironbark, lance-shaped adult leaves, flower buds in groups of seven, white, red, pink or creamy yellow flowers and cup-shaped to shortened spherical fruit.
"Yoshidaguchi Station is a JR West Geibi Line station located in Shimokobara, Kta-ch, Akitakata, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan. The station name is derived from being the ""entrance"" to the former Yoshida-ch."
The olive-headed lorikeet, also called the perfect lorikeet, is a species of parrot in the family Psittaculidae.
The R6 was a New York City Subway car model built from 1935 to 1936 for the city-operated Independent Subway System by three manufacturers under separate orders, the American Car and Foundry Company, Pullman Standard, and Pressed Steel Car Company. A total of 500 cars were built, numbered 900–1399, and arranged as single units. There were three versions of the R6: R6-1, R6-2, and R6-3. The R6s were a continuation of the R4 fleet and look almost the same, except that the R6 had a two-pane front window compared to the R4's one-pane window.
Laurel Mountain, also called Laurel Hill, is a long ridge in north-central West Virginia, US. Along with Rich Mountain to the south, it is considered to be the westernmost ridge of the Allegheny Mountains and the boundary between the Alleghenies and the Allegheny Plateau.
St John's is a proposed £1 bn development of a 6 hectare plot within central Manchester, England. The site is being developed by Manchester Quays Ltd, a partnership between Manchester City Council and Allied London.
Cabin Run is a tributary of West Branch Briar Creek in Columbia County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately 1.2 miles long and flows through North Centre Township. The watershed of the stream has an area of 0.72 square miles. The waters of the stream are slightly acidic. Its watershed lies over shale and siltstone.
Puula is a lake in the Kymi River area in the Finnish municipalities of Hirvensalmi, Kangasniemi and Mikkeli. Puula is 94.7 metres above sea level, the area is 331 square kilometres, and it is 62 metres deep at its deepest point, located near Porttisalmi at Simpiänselkä, which is the biggest open area of the lake. Two big lakes Suontee and Puula were one lake until year 1854, when the water level was lowered 2.5 meters. This has brought up geological stacks, which are formed by water.
Òscar Ribas Reig was the first prime minister of Andorra in 1982. He twice served as head of government, firstly from 8 January 1982 to 21 May 1984 with National Liberal party and then from 12 January 1990 to 7 December 1994 with the National Democratic Agreement party. He was succeeded by Marc Forné Molné.
Toni Pearce was the President of the National Union of Students in the United Kingdom, a position she held until July 2015. Pearce was elected at the 2013 NUS National Conference in April 2013 and re-elected by a large majority in April 2014.
Cobham Park, or Cobham Park Estate, is a historic estate located near Cobham, in Albemarle County and Louisa County, Virginia. The mansion was built in 1856, and is a rectangular 2 1/2-story, five bay, double pile structure covered by a hipped roof with three hipped roof dormers on each of the main slopes, and one dormer on each end. The house is an unusual example of ante-bellum period Georgian style architecture. It features front and rear, simple Doric order porches supported on square Ionic order columns. Also on the property are two smokehouses, one brick and one frame, a frame dependency, and a simple two-story
Manfred Johannes Leuchter is a German accordionist, composer, pianist and producer in world music. His stylistic influences are jazz, European classical music as well as African and Middle Eastern music.
Phinizy Swamp Nature Park is a 1,100-acre nature park in Augusta, Georgia. The park contains wetlands and woodlands and has a campus for water research and environmental education, which includes a visitor center. It has many bald cypresses draped in Spanish moss and forests of loblolly trees. Birds commonly found at Phinizy Swamp include: red-shouldered hawks, great blue herons, sora, wood ducks and bald eagles. Sometimes the park yields rarities for Georgia, including black-bellied whistling ducks, and a cave swallow, in 2004. Other wildlife commonly found in the park include frogs and toads; snakes, including water moccasin, pigmy rattlesnake, and copperhead; beavers and muskrat; turtles; and dragonflies. Fishing and hunting are not permitted within the park. Phinizy Swamp Nature Park is managed by Phinizy Center for Water Sciences.
Otowa was a protected cruiser of the Imperial Japanese Navy, designed and built by the Yokosuka Naval Arsenal in Japan. The name Otowa comes from a mountain in Kyoto, located behind Kiyomizu-dera. The waters from a waterfall at this temple were traditionally held to be a cure for all illnesses.
Monte Ceneri is a mountain pass in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It connects the Magadino plain and the Vedeggio valley across the Lugano Prealps at an elevation of 554 metres above sea level. In so doing, it provides the most direct route between the cities of Bellinzona and Lugano. Despite its name, Monte Ceneri is the lowest point on the crest between Monte Tamaro and the Camoghè.
Lewedorp is a town in the Dutch province of Zeeland. It is a part of the municipality of Borsele, and lies about 9 km east of Middelburg.
The Borborema Plateau is a plateau in northeastern Brazil which extends across the states of Pernambuco, Paraíba, and Rio Grande do Norte. The plateau is the northeasternmost portion of the Brazilian Highlands and is the most relevant watershed of its region. It ranges approximately 400 kilometres from north to south and 200 kilometres from east to west. More than 100 rivers originate from the plateau, including the Moxotó, Mundaú, Pajeú, Paraíba do Norte, Seridó, and Una.
The Fujifilm X-A3 is a rangefinder-styled digital mirrorless camera announced by Fujifilm on August 25, 2016. Sales began on November 10, 2016.
Johanna Wokalek is a German stage and film actress. A student of Klaus Maria Brandauer, she received critical recognition and three newcomer awards for her performance in the play Rose Bernd. Wokalek is best known for her award-winning appearances in the German films Hierankl, Barfuss, and The Baader Meinhof Complex. She received the Bambi award for her portrayal of the Red Army Faction member Gudrun Ensslin in 2008. She played the
Vyttila is an intersection as well as the name of a region in the city of Kochi, in the state of Kerala, India. It is the busiest as well as one of the largest intersections in Kerala. This node intersects the main north-south artery of the state of Kerala, namely, the Kochi Bypass, with three city roads of Kochi viz, the S. A. Road, the Vyttila-Petta Road, and the Thammanam Road.
Tintagel Old Post Office is a 14th-century stone house, built to the plan of a medieval manor house, situated in Tintagel, Cornwall, United Kingdom. The house, and its surrounding cottage garden, are in the ownership of the National Trust, and the building is Grade I listed.
"Omurtag was a Great Khan of Bulgaria from 814 to 831. He is known as ""the Builder"".
Oritate Station is a railway station in the city of Kurobe, Toyama, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Toyama Chih Railway.
Waterloo Park is a public park located in Norwich. The original Waterloo Park dates from 1904. The current park forms one of a set of public parks established in Norwich in the 1930s by Captain Arnold Sandys-Winsch, built by unemployed men using government funding. When the park was re-opened in 1933, it was considered to be the finest in East Anglia, with a pavilion in the style of Moderne architecture, a bandstand, sports facilities, gardens and a children's playground as part of its design. The herbaceous border is one of the longest in the United Kingdom located within a public space.
"Beate Baumgartner, also known as ""Yola B"", is an Austrian-Namibian singer.
Mikulov is a town in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
Huiji District, formerly Mangshan District, is one of 6 urban districts of the prefecture-level city of Zhengzhou, the capital of Henan Province, South Central China.
Ferdinando Gentile, commonly known as Nando Gentile, is an Italian former professional basketball player and coach. Playing as a point guard, Gentile had a successful pro club playing career, amassing a slew of team trophies won in Italy and Greece, including the EuroLeague title.
The Peugeot Type 177 B was a mid-range car produced between 1924 and 1929 by the French auto-maker Peugeot. With a fiscal horsepower of 10 CV, and a wheel base of 2670 mm, it competed in the same sector as the Citroën B2 and Renault KZ.
Jataí, Goiás, Brazil is a municipality in southern Goiás state, Brazil. Its population was 105,402 in a total area of 7,174.2 km². Jataí is a major producer of agricultural products, including soybeans, rice, and corn. It has the largest herd of cattle in the state and is a large producer of poultry and swine. In 2000 it was the 6th largest municipality in area in the state.
"The Seal of the State of Washington contains a portrait of George Washington, the first President of the United States, as painted by Gilbert Stuart. The outer ring contains the text ""The Seal of the State of Washington"" and ""1889"", the year Washington state was admitted to the Union. The seal is featured as the main element on both sides of the flag of Washington.
Andrea Seccafien is a Canadian long-distance runner, who mostly competes in the 5000 m event.
Quinton Robert Hosley is an American-born naturalized Georgian professional basketball player for Stelmet Zielona Góra of the Polish Basketball League. He is a 2.01 m tall swingman. He is the son of streetball and Rucker Park legend Ron Mathias.
Cedrick Wilson Jr. is an American football wide receiver for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League. He played college football at Boise State University.
Saint-Léger-de-Rôtes is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Monstera adansonii, the Adanson's monstera, Swiss cheese plant, or five holes plant, is a species of flowering plant from family Araceae which is widespread across much of South America and Central America. Besides South American countries it can also be found in the West Indies on islands such as Antigua, Grenada, Saba, St. Kitts, Guadeloupe, Marie Galante, Dominica, Martinique, St. Lucia, St. Vincent, Tobago, and Trinidad. The species is quite common near river valleys at lower elevations.
Geertruidenberg is a city and municipality in the province North Brabant in the south of the Netherlands. The city, named after Saint Gertrude of Nivelles, received city rights in 1213 from the count of Holland. The fortified city prospered until the 15th century.
The U.S. Post Office, located at 65 W. Mill Ave., is the main post office in Porterville, California. Built from 1933 to 1937, the post office was designed by H. Rafael Lake in the Art Deco style. The design features decorative terra cotta plaques over the windows and cast aluminum plaques below the front windows, decorative features used in no other building in Porterville. A terra cotta frieze atop the front entry features eagle and acanthus motifs borrowed from Roman designs and a sunrise pattern typical of Art Deco decorations. The building is topped with a green tile roof, an unusual element in Art Deco buildings which is consistent with the vernacular Mission Revival style common in Porterville architecture. The post office is one of three Art Deco post offices remaining in California.
Taiwan Railway Bento Boxes are a type of ekiben manufactured and distributed by the Taiwan Railways Administration at major railway stations and in train cars. It is estimated that, with five million boxed meals sold per annum, the annual revenue from bento distribution is 370 million NTD.
Kennard is a city in Houston County, Texas, United States. The population was 337 at the 2010 census. The main street is Texas State Highway 7.
Pigface is an industrial rock supergroup formed in 1990 by Martin Atkins and William Rieflin.
Earl of Enniskillen is a title in the Peerage of Ireland. It was created in 1789 for William Cole, 1st Viscount Enniskillen. He had already been created Viscount Enniskillen in the Peerage of Ireland in 1776 and had inherited the title Baron Mount Florence, of Florence Court in the County of Fermanagh, which had been created in the Peerage of Ireland in 1760 for his father John Cole, who had earlier represented Enniskillen in the Irish House of Commons.
McClellanville is a small fishing town in rural Charleston County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 499 at the 2010 census. It is situated on the Atlantic coast, on land surrounded by Francis Marion National Forest, and has traditionally derived its livelihood from the Atlantic Ocean and coastal marshes by fishing, shrimping and oystering. McClellanville is part of the Charleston-North Charleston-Summerville metropolitan area and the Charleston-North Charleston Urbanized Area.
The President of the Senate of Trinidad and Tobago is generally elected from the government benches. He or she chairs debates in the chamber of the Senate of Trinidad and Tobago and stands in for the country's president during periods of absence or illness. A Vice-President of the Senate is also elected from among the senators. The current President of the Senate is Senator Christine Kangaloo who is currently the only woman of Indian origin in the world to hold such a position.
Marcel Domergue was a French international footballer. He is mostly known for his international career and seven-year club stint at Red Star FC where he won the Coupe de France in 1928. Domergue made his international debut on 30 April 1922 in a 4–0 defeat to Spain. He was a member of the both France teams that participated in the football tournament at the 1924 and 1928 editions of the Summer Olympics.
Hsipaw Township is a township of Kyaukme District in the Shan State of eastern Burma. The main town is Hsipaw.
"Magicicada is the genus of the 13-year and 17-year periodical cicadas of eastern North America, consisting of seven species. Although they are sometimes called ""locusts"", this is a misnomer, as cicadas belong to the taxonomic order Hemiptera, suborder Auchenorrhyncha, while locusts are grasshoppers belonging to the order Orthoptera. Magicicada belongs to the cicada tribe Lamotialnini, a group of genera with representatives in Australia, Africa, and Asia, as well as the Americas.
Mare Spumans is a lunar mare located just south of Mare Undarum on the lunar near side. It is one of the many elevated lakes contained in the Crisium basin, surrounding Mare Crisium. The surrounding basin material is of the Nectarian epoch, while the mare basalt being of the Upper Imbrian epoch. The crater Petit is located on the western rim of the mare. This crater is white and surrounded by a well-defined ray system.
The Edison Ore-Milling Company was a venture by Thomas Edison that began in 1881. Edison introduced some significant technological developments to the iron ore milling industry but the company ultimately proved to be unprofitable. Towards the end of the company's life, Edison realized the potential application of his technologies to the cement industry and formed the Edison Portland Cement Company in 1899.
Lupé is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
INNOVAL is the headquarters of COREM, an acronym which stands for “COmpagnie Réunionnnaise d’Electrotechnique et du Management”. INNOVAL, designed by T&T Architects, is an energy-efficient office building located in an industrial area at Le Port, a town on the western coast of the French tropical island named La Réunion near Madagascar in the Indian Ocean.
The British Rail Class 423 electrical multiple units were built by BR at York Works from 1967 to 1974, although the MBSOs and TSOs of the first 20, 7701-7720, were constructed at Derby Works. They feature manually opening doors next to every seating row. They were mostly found working outer suburban services in South London, and rural services in Kent and Sussex, up to 2005 when they were finally replaced by Electrostar and Desiro units.
Days Creek is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Douglas County, Oregon, United States. At the 2010 census it had a population of 272.
Truro and St Austell was a county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elected one Member of Parliament by the first past the post system of election.
Utopia is a work of fiction and socio-political satire by Thomas More, written in Latin and published in 1516. The book is a frame narrative primarily depicting a fictional island society and its religious, social, and political customs. Many aspects of More's description of Utopia are reminiscent of life in monasteries.
Edwin Orlando Díaz Laboy is a Puerto Rican professional baseball pitcher for the New York Mets of Major League Baseball. He made his major league debut in June 2016 with the Seattle Mariners, where he played between 2016 and 2018.
Neil Brown is a French ice dancer. He competes with Lucie Mysliveková for the Czech Republic. Until 2010, he competed for France with various partners.
The Rätikon is a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps, located at the border between Vorarlberg, Liechtenstein and Graubünden. It is the geological border between the Eastern and Western Alps and stretches from the Montafon as far as the Rhine. In the south, the Prättigau is its limit, and in the north, it is the Walgau. In the east, it borders the Silvretta groups.
Jean Morrison is a South African alternative rock singer-songwriter and musician. He released an EP in 2008 which was produced by Video Killed The Radio Star guitarist and Squeal frontman, David Birch. His music has been compared to Radiohead, Jeff Buckley and Muse and he has supported South African acts such as Stealing Love Jones, Josie Field, Farryl Purkiss and Squeal. He toured South Africa nationally with Steve Murray from Stealing Love Jones.
The Victory Hotel is a historic pub located on the corner of Edward and Charlotte Streets in the Brisbane central business district, Queensland, Australia. It is listed on the Brisbane Heritage Register.
Bellvei is a village in the province of Tarragona and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.
The Taurus Molecular Cloud is a molecular cloud in the constellations Taurus and Auriga. This cloud hosts a stellar nursery containing hundreds of newly formed stars. The Taurus Molecular Cloud is only 140 pc away from earth, making it the nearest large star formation region. It also reveals characteristics that make it ideal for detailed physical studies. It has been important in star formation studies at all wavelengths.
Hsieh Ying-chun is a Taiwanese architect and contractor.
Kinkaid Lake is a reservoir located in southwestern Illinois. Entirely within Jackson County, the lake is approximately 5 miles northwest of Murphysboro and 100 miles southeast of St. Louis.
Penn Treaty School is a grade 6-12 school in Fishtown, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. A part of the School District of Philadelphia, it was formerly Penn Treaty Junior High School and Penn Treaty Middle School.
Tzaneen is a large tropical garden town situated in the Mopani District Municipality of the Limpopo province in South Africa. It is situated in a high rainfall fertile region with tropical and subtropical agriculture taking place in a 20,000 km² region. It is Limpopo's second largest town after Polokwane.
Tacoma is an Amtrak train station in Tacoma, Washington, United States. It is served by Amtrak's Cascades and Coast Starlight lines. The one-story building was constructed to a standard design that Amtrak developed in the 1970s and used at locations throughout the country for the next two decades. Typical features included at Tacoma are brick walls, floor-to-ceiling windows and a flat, black, cantilevered roof. The station was replaced by a new Amtrak facility at Tacoma Dome Station, an existing commuter rail and light rail hub, that opened in 2017; however, it was reopened 24 hours after closing due to the 2017 Washington train derailment on the new line to the new station. The station will stay open with service until the derailment is investigated and cleaned up.
The Altay is a modern main battle tank developed by Otokar, a subsidiary of Koç Holding, with technological assistance and support from Hyundai Rotem of South Korea for the Turkish Army and export markets. It is named in honor of Army General Fahrettin Altay who commanded the 5th Cavalry Corps in the final stage of the Turkish War of Independence. It is one of the most expensive tank designs with a unit cost of 13.75 million dollars.
Musashino is a city located in the western portion of Tokyo Metropolis, Japan. As of 1 February 2016, the city had an estimated population of 143,868, and a population density of 13,090 persons per km². Its total area is 10.98 square kilometres.
St George Girls' High School is a government-funded single-sex academically selective secondary day school for girls, located in Kogarah, in the southern suburbs of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Love Finds the Way is a three-act play written by Marguerite Merington and first performed in 1896. Theatrical manager A. M. Palmer acquired the rights to a German play by Olga Wohlbrück, which Merington adapted into English. The adaptation debuted at the Grand Opera House in Wilmington, Delaware on November 30, 1896, with actress Minnie Maddern Fiske in the lead role. The title was changed to Love Finds the Way for Broadway, where it opened at the Fifth Avenue Theatre on April 11, 1898, with A Bit of Old Chelsea by Mrs. Oscar Beringer as a curtain raiser. Love Finds the Way is a comedy-drama about a young woman who seeks romance despite an injury that has left her unhappy and alienated from her family.
Carex sect. Macrocephalae is a section of the genus Carex, containing two species. Both are coastal species of sandy areas beside the northern Pacific Ocean – Carex kobomugi from Taiwan to northern China and Japan, and Carex macrocephala from northern China to Oregon.
Talesh County, also called Tavalesh is a county in Gilan Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Hashtpar.
Toby A. H. Wilkinson is an English Egyptologist and academic. He is the Head of the International Strategy Office at the University of Cambridge, a fellow of Clare College, Cambridge, and was previously a research fellow at Christ's College, Cambridge and Durham University. He was awarded the 2011 Hessell-Tiltman Prize.
John Merton Aldrich was an American entomologist. Aldrich was the Associate Curator of Insects at the United States National Museum. He is considered one of the most prolific entomologists in the study of flies.
Harry Gribbon was an American film actor. He appeared in 144 films between 1915 and 1938. He was the brother of actor Eddie Gribbon and worked for the obscure L-KO Kompany after starting out with Mack Sennett. A tall comic who could've played a handsome straight guy if he chose, many of his films from this era have been lost.
Kuskokwim Bay is a bay in southwestern Alaska, at about 59°30N 162°30W. It is about 160 km long, and 160 km wide.
Sara Rahbar is a mixed-media contemporary artist. Her work ranges from photography to sculpture to installation, all of which reveal and transform the artist’s personal experiences and are intimately autobiographical. While her initial practice explored autobiographical ideas of national belonging, her current art practice addresses issues of the human condition on a broader-scale. She is currently based in New York City.
The Austin Westminster series are large saloon and estate cars that were sold by the British manufacturer Austin from 1954, replacing the A70 Hereford. The Westminster line was produced as the A90, A95, A99, A105, and A110 until 1968 when the new Austin 3-Litre took its place. Essentially badge-engineered versions of the Farina Westminsters were also produced using the premium Wolseley and Vanden Plas marques. 101,634 Westminsters were built.
Andrew Otten is a former professional Australian rules football player who played for the Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League. Otten was Adelaide’s second selection in the 2007 National Draft, pick 27 overall, having recorded strong results at the 2007 NAB AFL Draft Camp ranking in the top 2% for the vertical leap, top ten for agility and the top 20% for the beep test.
Worlds End is a locality 18 km southeast of Burra in South Australia. It also includes the area formerly known as Lapford.
María Belén Rueda García-Porrero is a Spanish actress. She is best known for her roles as Lucía in the TV series Los Serrano; as Julia in The Sea Inside, for which she won a Goya Award; and as Laura in The Orphanage, for which she received another Goya Award nomination. Most recently she played the lead role in the movie Julia's Eyes.
"The IBM 305 RAMAC was the first commercial computer that used a moving-head hard disk drive for secondary storage. The system was publicly announced on September 14, 1956, with test units already installed at the U.S. Navy and at private corporations. RAMAC stood for ""Random Access Method of Accounting and Control"", as its design was motivated by the need for real-time accounting in business."
Benson Babatunde Mayowa is an American football defensive end for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League. He also was a member of the Dallas Cowboys, Arizona Cardinals and Oakland Raiders. He played college football at the University of Idaho.
The Drill Hall Road Army Reserve Centre is a military installation in Newport, Isle of Wight.
Kenneth Edward Macha is a former Major League Baseball third baseman and manager. He managed the Oakland Athletics from 2003–2006, including American League Western Division championships in both his first and final seasons with the team, and later managed the Milwaukee Brewers.
Malcolm Campbell Thomas was a Welsh and British Lions international rugby union player. A centre, he played club rugby for Newport. He won 27 caps for Wales and was selected to play in the British Lions on two tours of Australia and New Zealand.
The pupil is a black hole located in the center of the iris of the eye that allows light to strike the retina. It appears black because light rays entering the pupil are either absorbed by the tissues inside the eye directly, or absorbed after diffuse reflections within the eye that mostly miss exiting the narrow pupil. The term “pupil” was created by Gerard of Cremona.
ükrü Naili Gökberk was an officer of the Ottoman Army during World War I, reaching the rank of miralay on 1 September 1917; and of the Turkish Army during the Turkish War of Independence, reaching the rank of mirliva on 31 August 1922. He was promoted to the rank of ferik on 30 August 1926.
Benicio del Toro is a Puerto Rican actor and film producer who has received various awards and nominations, including an Academy Award, a British Academy Film Award, a Golden Globe Award, and two Screen Actors Guild Awards.
Neha Marda is an Indian television Actress. She is well known for her role Urmi Samrat Singh Rathore in Doli Armaano Ki series broadcast by Zee TV. She also played the role of Gehna in Colors TV's show Balika Vadhu.
Ras Abu Fontas is a coastal industrial area in Doha on the boundary with Al Wakrah Municipality in Qatar. The government has designated the district as a free economic zone starting in 2019.
Mitchell Aaron Starc is an Australian international cricketer who plays for the Australian national team and New South Wales in domestic cricket. He is a left-arm fast bowler and a capable lower order left-handed batsman. He was a prominent member of the victorious Australian squad that won the 2015 Cricket World Cup and was declared Player of the Tournament as a result of his consistent performances. With 49 World Cup wickets, he is the joint 5th highest wicket taker in tournament's history.
Kingsbridge Road is a local station on the elevated IRT Jerome Avenue Line of the New York City Subway. Located at the intersection of Kingsbridge Road and Jerome Avenue in Kingsbridge Heights, Bronx, it is served by the 4 train at all times.
The Embassy of the United Republic of Tanzania in Washington, D.C. is the diplomatic mission of Tanzania in the United States. It is located at 1232 22nd Street NW in the West End neighborhood. The mission is also accredited to Mexico.
Alexander Yaroslavich Nevsky served as Prince of Novgorod, Grand Prince of Kiev and Grand Prince of Vladimir during some of the most difficult times in Kievan Rus' history.
The Columbus City Council is the lawmaking body of Columbus, Ohio. It has 7 members who are elected at-large. It meets in the City Council Chambers located on the second floor of Columbus City Hall.
South Robertson is a neighborhood in the Westside of the city of Los Angeles, California. It is notable for its diversity and being a center for the Jewish community.
William Anthony Meates was a New Zealand rugby union player, soldier and school teacher.
The 2018 Atlantic hurricane season was the third in a consecutive series of above-average and damaging Atlantic hurricane seasons, featuring 15 named storms, 8 hurricanes, and 2 major hurricanes, which caused a total of over $50 billion in damages and at least 172 deaths. The season officially began on June 1, 2018, and ended on November 30, 2018. These dates historically describe the period each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic basin and are adopted by convention. However, the formation of Tropical Storm Alberto on May 25 marked the fourth consecutive year in which a storm developed before the official start of the season. The season concluded with Oscar transitioning into an extratropical cyclone on October 31, almost a month before the official end.
Jizmak Da Gusha is the drummer for the heavy metal band Gwar. Although the costume has undergone many changes since the character was introduced, Jizmak's onstage get-up somewhat resembles a monstrous dog with very large teeth. He is usually seen wielding a large warhammer, most likely a reference to his role as drummer in the band.
444 Combat Support Squadron is an Air Force unit with the Canadian Armed Forces. Based at CFB Goose Bay, it provides helicopter support to the base operations.
Karl Robert Saluri is an Estonian decathlete.
"Milton Armory is a historic National Guard armory located at Milton, Northumberland County, Pennsylvania. It was designed by W.G. Wilkins Co.. It was built in 1922 and expanded in 1930. It is a ""T""-plan building consisting of a two-story administration building with a one-story drill hall executed in the Tudor Revival style. It is constructed of brick and sits on a concrete foundation. It features stone window and door surrounds.
Congress Park is one of three stations on Metra's BNSF Railway Line in Brookfield, Illinois. The station is 13 miles from Union Station, the east end of the line. In Metra's zone-based fare system, Congress Park is in zone C. Shelters are on both sides of the tracks.
"Frontier Myanmar is a news and business magazine in Yangon, Myanmar, owned by Black Knight Media Co. Ltd which also runs a content marketing agency called Black Knight Media Group. Under the name ""Frontier Myanmar"", it operates a magazine in English language, and a website in English and Burmese languages. Frontier Myanmar mainly focuses on local politics and business."
Robert Earl Cleary was a United States Marine who served as the 10th Sergeant Major of the Marine Corps from 1983 to 1987. He served in the Marines for 36 years, including seeing in combat in both the Korean War and the Vietnam War. For his actions in Vietnam, he was awarded the Silver Star, the Navy Commendation Medal, and two Purple Hearts.
Ed Gein, The Musical is a comedic musical film about the cannibalistic, grave robbing, serial killer Ed Gein. It premiered in Wisconsin January 2010 and stars Dan Davies who also co-produced and wrote the screenplay. It was directed by Steve Russell. The film aired on PBS and the Retro TV Network.
Orlando Jesus Arcia is a Venezuelan professional baseball shortstop for the Milwaukee Brewers of Major League Baseball. He made his major league debut in 2016.
The HJ-8 or Hongjian-8 is a second generation tube-launched, optically tracked, wire-guided anti-tank missile system which was originally deployed by China's People's Liberation Army since the late 1980s.
St Mary's Church is in St Mary's Street, Crewe, Cheshire, England. It is an active Roman Catholic parish church in the diocese of Shrewsbury. The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
West Deer Township is a township in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania in the United States. The population was 11,771 at the 2010 census.
Mafra is a city located at the northern border of the state of Santa Catarina, Brazil. This city borders to the state of Paraná and its urban area is attached to the urban area of its interstate neighbour, Rio Negro. This city's population is composed primarily of descendants of European immigrants, especially from Germany and Poland. This city is also known for its honey, which is said to have excellent quality.
Clément Venturini is a French cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam AG2R La Mondiale. In 2011, he won the UCI Junior World Cyclo-cross Championship. In May 2018, he was named in the startlist for the 2018 Giro d'Italia. In August 2019, he was named in the startlist for the 2019 Vuelta a España. In August 2020, he was named in the start list for the 2020 Tour de France.
Richard Norman Bond is a former Chairman of the Republican National Committee.
Henri Perrot was a French engineer who was one of the pioneers of the automobile industry from the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. He holds numerous patents in the field of automotive drum/shoe braking.
"Olary is a town and locality on the Barrier Highway in South Australia. It is situated near Olary Creek and is one of the easternmost settlements in South Australia. The name ""Olary"" was first given to a nearby well or waterhole by pastoralists Duffield, Harrold and Hurd.
The Church of the Holy Archangels Michael and Gabriel, located in Piaa Traian in the center of Brila, Romania, is a Romanian Orthodox church.
Hurricane Ginny was the strongest recorded tropical cyclone to make landfall in Canada, as well as the latest hurricane on a calendar year to affect the U.S. state of Maine. The eighth tropical storm of the 1963 Atlantic hurricane season, Ginny developed on October 16 over the Bahamas, although it was not initially a fully tropical cyclone. As it moved to the North and later northwest, Ginny intensified to hurricane status as it became more tropical. For eight days, it was located within 250 mi of the United States coastline. After approaching North Carolina, Ginny looped to the southwest and approached within 50 mi of the Florida coastline. It turned to the North, to the East, and later to the northeast, strengthening late in its duration to peak winds of 110 mph. Ginny became an extratropical cyclone shortly after striking Nova Scotia at its peak intensity on October 29.
European lyctus beetle is a species of beetle in the family Bostrichidae. It is a member of the subfamily Lyctinae, the powderpost beetles. It was originally native to tropical regions, but it can now be found worldwide. It is a common pest of wood and wood products and it is transported around the world with them. It is most common in deciduous tree woods.
"Catherine ""Caty"" McNally is an American tennis player. She is the 2018 French Open juniors doubles and 2018 French Open girls' singles runner-up and US Open junior doubles champion. She has won two doubles titles on the WTA Tour, as well as two singles titles and five doubles titles on the ITF Women's Circuit. On September 9, 2019, she reached her best singles ranking of world No. 105. On February 3, 2020, she achieved her highest doubles ranking of world No. 39."
Lieutenant General Trn Hanh is a pilot of the Vietnam People's Air Force and later Deputy Minister of Defence of Vietnam. During the Vietnam War, Trn Hanh was a MIG-17 pilot and officer of the 921st Regiment, he shot down a F-105D in April 1965. After the war he became the Deputy Chief of the General Staff and later Deputy Minister of Defence of Vietnam before retired in 2000.
"The Italdesign Zerouno is a sports car produced by Italian Automotive styling house Italdesign Giugiaro and was introduced in 2017. The Zerouno is the first car sold under the name of the Moncalieri design house and was created by their Italdesign Automobili Speciali division. The name means ""Zero One"", as it is the first production vehicle from Italdesign's low production sports car division, Italdesign Automobili Speciali."
Zhujiajiao is a Shanghai Metro station in Shanghai's Qingpu District. Located at the intersection of Zhufeng Highway and Huqingping Highway, the station is named after the nearby Zhujiajiao town, an ancient canal town and major tourist attraction in Shanghai. The station is served by Line 17 trains and is situated between Dianshanhu Avenue and Oriental Land, the western terminus of the line. It opened with the rest of Line 17 on 30 December 2017. However, despite being named after Zhujiajiao, the station is located about 1.5 km away from the Zhujiajiao water town and tourist area.
Wythenshawe Hall is a 16th-century medieval timber-framed historic house and former manor house in Wythenshawe, Manchester, England, five miles south of Manchester city centre in Wythenshawe Park. Built for Robert Tatton, it was home to the Tatton family for almost 400 years. Its basic plan is a central hall with two projecting wings.
Marshall County is a county located in far western portion of the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2010 census, the population was 31,448. Its county seat is Benton.
George Philip Lakoff is an American cognitive linguist and philosopher, best known for his thesis that lives of individuals are significantly influenced by the central metaphors they use to explain complex phenomena.
Céline Henriette Bianca van Gerner is a retired Dutch elite artistic gymnast, two-time Olympian, and bronze medalist at the 2018 European Championships
The Toyota U engine is a series of flat engines produced by Toyota. The original version of this engine was produced in the 1960s and 1970s in flat-twin configuration. The engine series was extended in 2011 for the engine derived from the Subaru flat-four for the Toyota 86.
Avrig is a town in Sibiu County, Transylvania, Romania. It has a population of 12,815 and the first documents attesting its existence date to 1346.
Eoin Murphy is an Irish hurler who plays for Kilkenny Intermediate Championship club Glenmore and at inter-county level with the Kilkenny senior hurling team. He usually lines out as a goalkeeper.
Yangan School of Arts is a heritage-listed school of arts at King Street, Yangan, Southern Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. It was built in 1912. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
HMS Rosario was a Cherokee-class 10-gun brig of the Royal Navy, launched in 1808. She served during the Napoleonic Wars and participated in one engagement that earned her crew the Naval General Service Medal. She was sold in 1832.
The UUM-44 SUBROC was a type of submarine-launched rocket deployed by the United States Navy as an anti-submarine weapon. It carried a 250 kiloton thermonuclear warhead configured as a Nuclear Depth Bomb.
On 12 February 2012, a Katanga Express Gulfstream IV business jet carrying several Congolese government officials overran the runway and crashed on landing at Kavumu Airport near Bukavu, Democratic Republic of the Congo. Two crew members and two passengers were killed, along with two people on the ground.
China–Mongolia relations, or Sino-Mongolian relations, refer to the bilateral relations between Mongolia and the People's Republic of China. These relations have long been determined by the relations between China and the Soviet Union, Mongolia's other neighbour and main ally until early-1990. With the rapprochement between the USSR and China in the late 1980s, Sino-Mongolian relations also began to improve. Since the 1990s, China has become Mongolia's biggest trading partner, and a number of Chinese businesses are operating in Mongolia.
Ryan Lee Moore is an English flat racing jockey, who was Champion Jockey in 2006, 2008 and 2009. He is currently the first choice jockey for Aidan O'Brien's Ballydoyle operation, a role in which he mainly rides horses owned by Coolmore Stud. He also sometimes rides horses for Juddmonte and The Queen.
Gary Owens was an American radio personality, announcer, disc jockey, voice actor and actor. His polished baritone speaking voice generally offered deadpan recitations of total nonsense, which he frequently demonstrated as the announcer on Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In. Owens was equally proficient in straight or silly assignments and was frequently heard on television and radio as well as in commercials.
Zálší is a village and municipality in the Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.
Thorney Abbey, now the Church of St Mary and St Botolph, was a medieval monastic house established on the island of Thorney in The Fens of Cambridgeshire, England.
John E. Bercaw is an American chemist and Centennial Professor of Chemistry, Emeritus at the California Institute of Technology.
Schismatoglottis is a genus of flowering plants in the family Araceae. Members of the genus are similar in appearance and growth habit to those of the genus Homalomena, but the two genera are not closely related. The primary difference is that the leaves of Schismatoglottis are not aromatic. Schismatoglottis are found primarily in tropical parts of Southeast Asia, New Guinea, and Melanesia. The majority of the species are native to the Island of Borneo.
Unionville is an unincorporated community in Massac County, Illinois, United States. Unionville is 4.5 miles east of Brookport.
Lyon County is a county in the U.S. state of Minnesota. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 25,857. Its county seat is Marshall.
Faistenau is a municipality in the Austrian state of Salzburg.
The Volvo P1800 is a 2+2, front-engine, rear-drive sports car manufactured and marketed by Volvo Cars between 1961 and 1973. Originally a coupe, it was altered into a shooting-brake for the remainder of its production. Styling was by Pelle Petterson under the tutelage of Pietro Frua when Frua's studio was a subsidiary of the prestigious Italian carrozzeria Ghia, and mechanicals derived from Volvo's dependable Amazon/122 series.
The 2013 Mumbai gang rape, also known as the Shakti Mills gang rape, refers to the incident in which a 22-year-old photojournalist, who was interning with an English-language magazine in Mumbai, was gang-raped by five people, including a juvenile. The incident occurred on 22 August 2013, when she had gone to the deserted Shakti Mills compound, near Mahalaxmi in South Mumbai, with a male colleague on an assignment. The accused had tied up the victim's colleague with belts and raped her. The accused took photos of the victim during the sexual assault, and threatened to release them to social networks if she reported the rape. Later, an eighteen year old call centre employee reported that she too had been gang-raped, on 31 July 2013 inside the mills complex.
James Guffey is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Jimmy Rave. He is best known for working for Ring of Honor and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
The Bedford Town Hall is located at 70 Bedford Center Road in Bedford, New Hampshire. Built in 1910, it is a prominent early work of Chase R. Whitcher, a noted architect of northern New England in the early 20th century. The building is the third town hall to stand on this site, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
"Sonu Nigam is an Indian singer and composer. He sings predominantly in Hindi and Kannada language films but has also sung in English, Bengali, Gujarati, Tamil, Telugu, Marathi, Nepali, Maithili, Malayalam and other Indian languages. Nigam has also released numbers of Indian pop albums and acted in a number of Hindi films. He is regarded as the ""Lord of Chords""."
Saint-Geoirs is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
"The Cyprinidae are the family of freshwater fish, collectively called cyprinids, that includes the carps, the true minnows, and their relatives. Also commonly called the ""carp family"", or ""minnow family"", Cyprinidae is the largest and most diverse fish family and the largest vertebrate animal family in general, with about 3,000 species of which only 1,270 remain extant, divided into about 370 genera. They range from about 12 mm to the 3-m Catlocarpio siamensis. The family belongs to the ostariophysian order Cypriniformes, of whose genera and species the cyprinids make up more than two-thirds. The family name is derived from the Ancient Greek kyprînos."
Boundary Peak is a mountain in Esmeralda County, Nevada, United States. With a peak elevation of 13,147 feet, it is the highest natural point in the state of Nevada.
Notarcha aurolinealis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Hong Kong, Thailand and New South Wales and Queensland in Australia.
Alashankou railway station, also known as Alataw Pass railway station, is a railway station in Börtala Mongol Autonomous Prefecture of China's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region.
NGC 125 is a lenticular galaxy located in the constellation Pisces. It is designated as subclass Sa Ring in the galaxy morphological classification scheme. It lies approximately 235 million light-years away.
Johann Daniel Titius was a German astronomer and a professor at Wittenberg.
Grzegorz Marek Poznaski is a Polish career diplomat and civil service member, ambassador to Estonia.
The attack on the presidential palace in Havana took place at around 3:30 PM on the March 13, 1957. The Directorio Revolucionario Estudiantil had the objective of killing Fulgencio Batista. The attack failed. According to one of the attackers, Faure Chomón of the Revolutionary Directorate, they were following the golpe arriba strategy and together with Menelao Mora Morales sought to overthrow the government by killing President Fulgencio Batista.
Longue Vue House and Gardens, also known as Longue Vue, is a historic house museum and associated gardens at 7 Bamboo Road in the Lakewood neighborhood of New Orleans, Louisiana, United States.
Hurricane Iselle was the strongest tropical cyclone to make landfall on the Big Island of Hawaii in recorded history. The eleventh named storm of the annual hurricane season, Iselle developed from an area of disturbed weather southwest of Mexico on July 31, 2014. Assuming a west-northwest course that it would maintain throughout its existence, generally favorable atmospheric conditions allowed for gradual strengthening, with the cyclone attaining hurricane status a day after formation. Continued strengthening progressed for several days up until August 4, when Iselle reached peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 140 mph and a minimum barometric pressure of 947 mbar, making it a Category 4 hurricane. Thereafter, Iselle encountered hostile environmental conditions and quickly weakened before making landfall on the Big Island on August 8 as a moderate tropical storm. Its passage over the island disrupted the cyclone, and Iselle later dissipated on August 9.
Browerville is a city in Todd County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 790 at the 2010 census.
The 1874 New Jersey gubernatorial election was held on November 3, 1874. Democratic nominee Joseph D. Bedle defeated Republican nominee George A. Halsey with 53.65% of the vote.
Alan Kenneth Soper FRS is an STFC Senior Fellow at the ISIS neutron source based at the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory in Oxfordshire.
The Sèvre Niortaise is a 158.4 km long river in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine and Pays de la Loire regions in western France, flowing into the Atlantic Ocean. Its source is in the Deux-Sèvres department, near Sepvret, north of Melle.
Subhash Kak is an Indian-American computer scientist and a Hindutva-based historical revisionist. He is the Regents Professor of Computer Science Department at Oklahoma State University–Stillwater, an honorary visiting professor of engineering at Jawaharlal Nehru University, and a member of the Indian Prime Minister's Science, Technology and Innovation Advisory Council.
Tenebrio is a genus of darkling beetles. Adults are 12–18 mm long and can live for 1–2 years. The larvae are minor pests, but they are also widely reared and sold as pet food.
Ignaz Sonnleithner, from 1828 Ignaz Edler von Sonnleithner, was an Austrian jurist, writer and educator. He also founded the Society of Music Friends of the Austrian Imperial State in 1812.
Sando courtesy name Liu Qiao was a Qing dynasty and later Republic of China civil servant who most notably served as the 62nd and last Manchu Amban of Outer Mongolia from 1909 to 1911. Although ethnically a Mongol, Sando's aggressive implementation of Beijing ordered reforms, including increased immigration of Han Chinese to the area and a rapid buildup of a sinicized military to fend off growing Russian influence, aggravated Mongols and precipitated moves by Khalkha nobles to declare independence from China in 1911.
The perper was the currency of Montenegro between 1906 and 1918. It was divided into 100 para.
Ochtertyre is a settlement in Perth and Kinross, Scotland. It lies between Crieff and Loch Turret, north of the A85.
The Adams Avenue Bridge is a historic bridge in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It carries Adams Avenue over the Tacony Creek in Tacony Creek Park.
Mount Limbara is a rocky granitic massif in north-eastern Sardinia, Italy.
McEwen is an unincorporated community in Baker County, Oregon, United States. McEwen lies on Oregon Route 7 east of its interchange with Oregon Route 410. McEwen is about 6 miles southeast of Sumpter along the Powder River.
The Lion and Sun is one of the main emblems of Iran, and formerly was an element in Iran's national flag until the 1979 Iranian Revolution. The motif, which illustrates ancient and modern Iranian traditions, became a popular symbol in Iran in the 12th century. The lion and sun symbol is based largely on astronomical and astrological configurations: the ancient sign of the sun in the house of Leo, which itself is traced back to Babylonian astrology and Near Eastern traditions.
The Hyundai Motor Group is a South Korean multinational conglomerate headquartered in Seoul, South Korea, and it is the largest car manufacturer in the country.
Linley, later Linley Halt, was a small railway station on the Severn Valley line in Shropshire, England.
Scarborough is a coastal suburb of Perth, Western Australia, located approximately 14 km northwest of the city centre in the City of Stirling local government area. It was named after the English beach resort Scarborough, North Yorkshire.
Júlio José de Pinho Isidro do Carmo ComIH, better known as Júlio Isidro is a Portuguese television presenter, radio announcer and entertainer.
The Okavango River is a river in southwest Africa. It is the fourth-longest river system in southern Africa, running southeastward for 1,600 km. It begins in Angola, where it is known by the Portuguese name Rio Cubango. Farther south, it forms part of the border between Angola and Namibia, and then flows into Botswana, draining into the Moremi Game Reserve.
Yuri Dmitrievich Burago is a Russian mathematician. He works in differential and convex geometry.
Welcome is a census-designated place in Greenville County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 6,668 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Greenville–Mauldin–Easley Metropolitan Statistical Area. Welcome has been noted for its colorful place name.
Maryland Route 349 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Maryland. Known as Nanticoke Road, the state highway runs 22.32 miles from a dead end in Nanticoke east to U.S. Route 50 Business in Salisbury. The first segment of MD 349 was constructed by 1910 west of Salisbury. The modern highway reached Quantico by 1919, Bivalve by 1925, and its western terminus by 1933. The only major change to MD 349 since is a realignment near Salisbury in the mid-1950s.
Peine is a village in the mountains above the right bank of the Idrijca River in the municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of rni Vrh, Kabiunk, Kal, Maraževec, Podkal, Travnik, and Stari Rut.
"Joseph Henry ""T Bone"" Burnett III is an American record producer, musician, and songwriter. Burnett rose to fame as a guitarist in Bob Dylan's band during the 1970s. He has received multiple Grammy awards for his work in film music, including for O Brother, Where Art Thou? Cold Mountain, Walk the Line, and Crazy Heart; and won another Grammy for producing the studio album Raising Sand, in which he united the contemporary bluegrass of Alison Krauss with the blues rock of Robert Plant.
The St. Helena AVA is an American Viticultural Area located within Napa Valley, centered on the town of St. Helena, California. The appellation covers 9,000 acres along the flat narrow land towards the northern end of the valley between the Vaca and Mayacamas Mountains. Charles Krug, one of pioneers of Napa Valley winemaking, opened his winery here in 1861. The AVA hosts more than 80 wineries.
Micah Kemboi Kogo is a Kenyan long-distance runner, who specialises in the 10,000 metres. He is the former world record holder in the 10 kilometres road race event with a time of 27:01. He made his first Olympic appearance in 2008, taking the 10,000 m bronze medal in Beijing.
The City and Borough of Wrangell is a borough in Alaska, United States. As of the 2010 census the population was 2,369, up from 2,308 in 2000. Incorporated as a Unified Home Rule Borough on May 30, 2008, Wrangell was previously a city in the Wrangell-Petersburg Census Area. Its Tlingit name is aachxaana.áakw. The Tlingit people living in the Wrangell area, who were there centuries before Europeans, call themselves the Shtaxhéen wáan after the nearby Stikine River. Alternately they use the autonym Shxát wáan, where the meaning of shxát is unknown.
The Asiatic Squadron was a squadron of United States Navy warships stationed in East Asia during the latter half of the 19th century. It was created in 1868 when the East India Squadron was disbanded. Vessels of the squadron were primarily involved in matters relating to American commerce with China and Japan, though it participated in several conflicts over 34 years of service until becoming the Asiatic Fleet in 1902.
Peyton–Ellington Building is a historic commercial building located at Charlottesville, Virginia. It was built in 1893, and is a two-story, three-bay, brick building with an iron front facade. The facade features decorated pilasters at each end that support a cornice with a plain frieze, modillions, and cornice stops.
Andrzej Józef Tkacz is a former Polish ice hockey goaltender. He played for the Poland men's national ice hockey team at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo, and the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.
"ABLA Homes was a Chicago Housing Authority public housing development that comprised four separate public housing projects on the Near-West Side of Chicago, Illinois. The name ""ABLA"" was an acronym for four different housing developments that together constituted one large site. The four housing developments that made up ABLA were: the Jane Addams Homes, Robert Brooks Homes, Loomis Courts, and the Grace Abbott Homes totaling 3,596 units. It spanned from Cabrini Street on the north to 15th Street on the south, and from Blue Island Avenue on the east to Ashland Avenue on the west. Most of the ABLA has been razed for Roosevelt Square, a new mixed-income community development. For most of their existence, the ABLAs held more than 17,000 residents, giving it the second largest population in the CHA. It was second only to the Robert Taylor Homes and Cabrini–Green in land area and had a higher occupancy than Cabrini–Green."
Bandung Islamic University is one of the oldest private universities in Indonesia based in Bandung, West Java. The purpose of UNISBA is to produce mujahid, mujtahid and mujaddid in an Islamic scientific society.
New Directions Publishing Corp. is an independent book publishing company that was founded in 1936 by James Laughlin and incorporated in 1964. Its offices are located at 80 Eighth Avenue in New York City.
Casnigo is a comune in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about 70 kilometres northeast of Milan and about 20 kilometres northeast of Bergamo.
Gorelal Manishi was an Indian social activist, Angika language writer, former Bihar Government Engineering Services Officer and former president of Bihar Engineering Services Association. He was also the board member of Kosi Bund Erosion Judicial Enquiry Commission as constituted by the Govt. of Bihar. He was a civil engineering graduate and also he had earned bachelor's degree in Law while he was in engineering services.
Jean-Claude Pecker was a French astronomer, astrophysicist and author, member of the French Academy of Sciences and director of the Nice Observatory. He served as the secretary-general of the International Astronomical Union from 1964 to 1967. Pecker was the President of the Société astronomique de France, the French amateur astronomical society, from 1973–1976. He was awarded the Prix Jules Janssen by the French Astronomical Society in 1967. A minor planet is named after him. Pecker was a vocal opponent of astrology and pseudo-science and was the president of the Association française pour l'information scientifique, a skeptical organisation which promotes scientific enquiry in the face of quackery and obscurantism.
Hedrick is a small unincorporated community in Jordan Township, Warren County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
Digital Equipment Corporation's PDP-10, later marketed as the DECsystem-10, is a mainframe computer family manufactured beginning in 1966 and discontinued in 1983. 1970s models and beyond were marketed under the DECsystem-10 name, especially as the TOPS-10 operating system became widely used.
The 20 ItK 40 VKT or 20 mm dual anti-aircraft cannon model 1940 manufactured by VKT was a Finnish light anti-aircraft gun designed by the Finnish gunsmith Aimo Lahti. As the only multi-barrel 20 mm anti-aircraft gun 20 ItK 40 VKT was the most effective 20 mm air defence weapon used by the Finnish Army during World War II. A total of 174 guns were built, used in training until the 1970s and kept in reserve until 1988. The gun received the nickname Vekotin from Finnish soldiers. The nickname was reached by adding to the abbreviation of manufacturer, VKT.
The Motorola ATRIX 2 is a high end Android-based smartphone by Motorola. Originally announced on October 11, 2011, it is the successor to the Atrix 4G. This phone was succeeded by the Motorola Atrix HD.
Mata do Jambreiro Private Natural Heritage Reserve is a state-regulated private natural heritage reserve to the south east of Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil.
The Moses and Mary Hart Stone House and Ranch Complex, in Malheur County, Oregon near Westfall, is a historic property that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It includes Italianate architecture. Also known as the Mose Hart Stone House, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
Frank Pommersheim is an American professor, author, and poet specializing in the field of American Indian law. Pommersheim is serving on several tribal appellate courts and serves as the Chief Justice for the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribal Court of Appeals and the Rosebud Sioux Supreme Court and is also notable for his involvement in The Camden 28.
Aphelandra is a genus of about 170 species of flowering plants in the family Acanthaceae, native to tropical regions of the Americas.
The Mercury Montego is a nameplate that was applied to three separate generations of vehicles marketed by the Mercury division of Ford Motor Company. Taking its name from Montego Bay, Jamaica, the nameplate made its first appearance for 1967 in the Canadian market as part of the Mercury-derived Meteor model line. For 1968, the Mercury Montego made its debut across North America, becoming the Mercury counterpart of the Ford Torino intermediate-size model line for two generations.
Chase McDonald Rettig is an American football quarterback who is currently a free agent. He played college football at Boston College. He was the starting quarterback for the Boston College Eagles from 2010 to 2013. His younger brother Hayden played quarterback at Rutgers University. Chase was signed by the Green Bay Packers after going undrafted in 2014.
The Pennsylvania Railroad's class L5 were the railroad's second generation of production electric locomotives after the DD1, and the last to use a jackshaft and side rods to drive the wheels. The L5 was a single-unit locomotive instead of the twin-unit DD1. The wheel arrangement in Whyte notation was 2-4-4-2, or 1-B-B-1 in the AAR scheme. Twenty five were built in 4 distinct subclasses. The lead unit of the class was equipped for AC operation with an overhead pantograph, while the other 24 were third rail DC units to work on the existing PRR third rail electrification in the New York area.
Albertus Magnus, also known as Saint Albert the Great and Albert of Cologne, was a German Catholic Dominican friar and bishop. Later canonised as a Catholic saint, he was known during his lifetime as Doctor universalis and Doctor expertus and, late in his life, the sobriquet Magnus was appended to his name. Scholars such as James A. Weisheipl and Joachim R. Söder have referred to him as the greatest German philosopher and theologian of the Middle Ages. The Catholic Church distinguishes him as one of the 36 Doctors of the Church.
The 1970 Atlantic hurricane season was the first season of the most recent low-activity era of tropical cyclone formation in the Atlantic. It was also the first year in which reconnaissance aircraft flew into all four quadrants of a tropical cyclone. The season officially began on June 1 and lasted until November 30. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic basin. The season was fairly average, with 10 total storms forming, of which five were hurricanes. Two of those five became major hurricanes, which are Category 3 or higher on the Saffir–Simpson scale. The first system, Hurricane Alma, developed on May 17. The storm killed eight people, seven from flooding in Cuba and one from a lightning strike in Florida. In July, Tropical Storm Becky brought minor flooding to Florida and other parts of the Southern United States, leaving one death and about $500,000 in damage.
The A Line is one of six RapidRide lines operated by King County Metro in King County, Washington. The A Line began service on October 2, 2010, running from Tukwila to Federal Way, mostly along Pacific Highway South. The northern terminus is Tukwila/International Boulevard Station. From there, riders can transfer to Sound Transit's Link light rail, the RapidRide F Line, or to other King County Metro buses that serve Burien, Tukwila, SeaTac, Georgetown, SoDo, and downtown Seattle. Its southern terminus is Federal Way Transit Center and connects riders to buses serving Tacoma, Pierce County, and Auburn. Between the termini there are a total of 13 stations plus 13 intermediate stops.
Milford is a city in Dickinson County, Iowa, United States. The population was 2,898 at the 2010 census. The town includes many businesses related to its location in the Iowa Great Lakes region and is often referred to as the southern gateway to the Iowa Great Lakes.
Worlingham is a village and civil parish in the East Suffolk district of Suffolk, England about 1.3 miles east of Beccles. Worlingham has grown in popularity over recent years leading to a surge in house prices due to the draw of nearby Beccles and the demise of Lowestoft, Bungay and Southwold. At the 2011 census it had a population of 3,745, the combined population of Beccles and Worlingham is 13,868.
The Ellesmere Port–Warrington line operates between the towns of Ellesmere Port and Warrington in the north-west of England.
The Pro-Cathedral of Our Lady of Perpetual Help or simply Cathedral of Our Lady of Perpetual Help is a religious building located in Harris Promenade in the town of San Fernando, on the island of Trinidad, part of the Caribbean country of Trinidad and Tobago.
The former US Post Office is a historic post office building located at Smithfield, Johnston County, North Carolina. It was designed by the Office of the Supervising Architect and built in 1936 by the Works Progress Administration. It is a two-story, five bay, rectangular brick building in the Colonial Revival style. It consists of three distinct sections: the two-story front block; a one-story rectangular center block; and a two-level rear block. The front facade features fluted Ionic order pilasters rising to a frieze supporting a broken pediment. The building housed federal government offices until 1990. The building was renovated in 1991 to house law offices.
The Jacobite Royal Scots, sometimes called the Royal-Ecossais, Lord John Drummond's Regiment or French Royal Scots, was a French military regiment made up mostly of Scottish Jacobite exiles. Formed in 1744 under a 1743 order, they are perhaps best known for serving in Scotland during the Jacobite rising of 1745.
Jean-Henri Casimir Fabre was a French naturalist, entomologist, and author known for the lively style of his popular books on the lives of insects.
Yairo Muñoz is a Dominican professional baseball infielder in the Boston Red Sox organization. He previously played in MLB for the St. Louis Cardinals.
"The Verden Separate School is a historic school building at 315 East Ada Sipuel Avenue in Chickasha, Oklahoma. A modest wood-frame gable-roofed one-room district schoolhouse that now serves as a local museum, it was built about 1915 on a farm on the outskirts of Verden. It served as a school for Verden's African American students under the separate but equal doctrine, which in Oklahoma resulted in the mandated creation of ""separate schools"" for whichever racial group was in the minority in a given district or region. It was used as a school until 1935, when its student population was consolidated into the Chickasha schools. It was then used as a farm outbuilding until the early 2000s, when it was rescued from demolition, moved to its present location, and restored. It is the only known surviving separate school in Grady County, and one of a few left in southwestern Oklahoma.
Pomaderris ferruginea is a species of shrubs and small trees from eastern and southern Australia. A common plant in forest, regularly along streams, particularly south of Stroud, New South Wales. A shrub up to 4 metres tall, it features rusty stems and hairs on the under side of the leaf. Though the upper surface of the leaf is hairless but not glossy. Leaves 6 to 10 cm long, lanceolate in shape. Cream or white flowers form in panicles at the end of branches, from September to October. The fruiting capsule and hypanthium have long silky hairs.
The Isetta is an Italian-designed microcar built under license in a number of different countries, including Argentina, Spain, Belgium, France, Brazil, Germany, and the United Kingdom. Because of its egg shape and bubble-like windows, it became known as a bubble car, a name also given to other similar vehicles.
Minas Tênis Clube is a social, recreational and sports club from Belo Horizonte, Brazil. By 2013, it has more than 73,000 members. Its patrimony comprises two urban units, the Minas I and Minas II, and two country units, Minas Country and Minas Tênis Náutico Clube. It also has its own indoor arena, named Juscelino Kubitschek Arena, which is a part of the Minas I complex.
Boioara is a commune located in Vâlcea County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Boioara, Bumbueti and Gujani. It is situated in the historical region of Muntenia.
Taabo Department is a department of Agnéby-Tiassa Region in Lagunes District, Ivory Coast. In 2014, its population was 56,422 and its seat is the settlement of Taabo. The sub-prefectures of the department are Pacobo and Taabo.
William Lowell Putnam II was an American lawyer and banker.
Oláibar is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. In 2016, it had a population of 334.
The crested oropendola also known as the Suriname crested oropendola or the cornbird is a New World tropical icterid bird. It is a resident breeder in lowland South America east of the Andes, from Panama and Colombia south to northern Argentina, as well as on Trinidad and Tobago. If the genus Gymnostinax for the Montezuma oropendola and its closest relatives were considered valid, this species would probably belong in that genus.
Inchanga is a village in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa, approximately halfway between Durban and Pietermaritzburg.
Nela Kuburovi is a Serbian lawyer and politician. She has served as the Minister of Justice in the Government of Serbia from 11 August 2016. Before the appointment, she was Deputy Minister of Justice in the Department of Justice.
Wise County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2010, 59,127 people lived there. The county seat is Decatur.
Dampierre-en-Bray is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Alum Rock is an inner-city suburb of Birmingham, England, located roughly 2 miles east of Birmingham city centre. The area is officially a division of Saltley. Rockwood Academy is a secondary school located in the area.
Pittsburgh Science and Technology Academy is a public school in the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. It currently serves grades 6-12 in the Pittsburgh Public Schools. Its building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on Sept. 30, 1986.
"T. H. B. Dawson House is a historic home located at Berkeley Springs, Morgan County, West Virginia. It was built in 1880 and is an ""L""-shaped, two-story, brick house with highly ornate porches at the front and side elevations. It features Gothic Revival and Italianate decorative elements. The house was built for T. H. B. Dawson, a native of Berkeley Springs who attained prominence in community service and business affairs. It 1866, he was elected county clerk of Morgan County and held that position for 36 years.
Valentin Iglinsky is a Kazakh road racing cyclist who last rode for UCI ProTour team Astana. He is the younger brother of Maxim Iglinsky, who rode for the Astana team.
Redoubt Peak is a 3,109 meter mountain summit located on the shared border of Jasper National Park in Alberta, and Mount Robson Provincial Park in British Columbia, Canada. Redoubt Peak is part of The Ramparts in the Canadian Rockies. It was named in 1920 because it has an appearance similar to that of a redoubt on a castle. Its nearest higher peak is Dungeon Peak, 0.6 km to the southeast.
Georges-Henri Denys Arcand CC GOQ is a French Canadian film director, screenwriter and producer. His film The Barbarian Invasions won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Film in 2004. His films have also been nominated three further times, including two nominations in the same category for The Decline of the American Empire in 1986 and Jesus of Montreal in 1989, becoming the only French-Canadian director in history whose films have received this number of nominations and, subsequently, to have a film win the award. Also for The Barbarian Invasions, he received an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Screenplay, losing to Sofia Coppola for Lost in Translation.
Carlos Zeferino Torreblanca Galindo is a Mexican politician previously affiliated with the PRD Party of the Democratic Revolution now affiliated with the PT and former Governor of Guerrero. He is the first non PRI member to hold the position.
Upton is a civil parish north-east of Kislingbury and south-west of Dallington, in Northamptonshire, England about 3.5 miles west of Northampton town centre along the A4500 road. Formerly a scattered hamlet, it is now part of the town. The area west of Northampton is now a major area of expansion of the town and named Upton after the parish.
Grindstone Creek is a stream in the Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area, Ontario, Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and is a tributary of Lake Ontario at the western end of the lake.
Lamar S. Owens Jr. is an American football coach and former midshipman and starting quarterback at the United States Naval Academy. He is currently the wide receivers coach for the Georgia Southern Eagles football team.
The Beaver River is an intermittent river, 280 miles long, in western Oklahoma and northern Texas in the United States. It is a tributary of the North Canadian River, draining an area of 11,690 square miles in a watershed that extends to northeastern New Mexico and includes most of the Oklahoma Panhandle.
"The Jervis Bay Territory Acceptance Act 1915 is an Act of the Parliament of Australia which followed the New South Wales Seat of Government Surrender Act 1915. The Act created the Territory of Jervis Bay, subject to the laws of the Federal Capital Territory. While the Act's use of the language of ""annexed"" is sometimes interpreted as implying that the Jervis Bay Territory was to form part of the Federal Capital Territory, the accepted legal position is that it has been a legally distinct territory from its creation, despite being subject to FCT/ACT law and being administratively treated as part of the FCT/ACT."
Rebecca Stella Simonsson is a Swedish singer, designer, glamour model, TV-host and blogger. Simonsson's blog has about 40,000 individual views each week.
The South Carolina Scenic Byways consists of roads in the state of South Carolina that travel through areas of scenic, historic, and cultural significance. The intent of this system is to provide travelers with a safe and interesting alternate route.
The lesser noctule, Leisler's bat or the Irish bat, is a species of insectivorous bat belonging to the vesper bat family, Vespertilionidae. The species was named to honour the naturalist Johann Philipp Achilles Leisler
Frank Spencer Sutton was an American actor best remembered for his role as Gunnery Sergeant Vince Carter on the CBS television series Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C.
The R209 road is a regional road in Ireland, located in County Leitrim.
Ciudad Victoria is the capital of the Municipality of Victoria and the Mexican state of Tamaulipas. It is located in the northeast of Mexico at the foot of the Sierra Madre Oriental. It borders the municipality of Güémez to the north, Llera to the south, Casas Municipality to the east, and the municipality of Jaumave to the west. The city is located 246 km from Monterrey and 319 km from the border with the United States. Ciudad Victoria is named after the first president of Mexico, Guadalupe Victoria.
The Church of the Most Precious Blood is a Roman Catholic parish located in New York City. The parish is under the authority of the Archdiocese of New York, and is the National Shrine Church of San Gennaro. Located at 113 Baxter Street with an additional entrance on Mulberry Street, the Church of the Most Precious Blood is part of Manhattan's Little Italy neighborhood.
Northumberland Park railway station is on the Lea Valley line that forms part of the West Anglia Main Line, serving the ward of Northumberland Park in Tottenham, north London. It is 6 miles 73 chains down the line from London Liverpool Street and is situated between Tottenham Hale and Meridian Water. Its three-letter station code is NUM and it is in Travelcard zone 3. It is one of the stations that can be used to access Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
King Edward is a potato variety grown in the UK since 1902, making it one of the oldest varieties still grown commercially.
Oleg Nikolaevich Frelikh was a Soviet film and theater actor and director. Honored Artist of the RSFSR.
Itai Chammah is an Israeli swimmer who represented Israel at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Skenfrith is a small village in Monmouthshire, south-east Wales. It is located on the River Monnow, close to the border between Wales and England, about 6 miles north-west of Monmouth. The road through the village was once the A40, linking Ross-on-Wye and Abergavenny.
Hiawatha and Minnehaha is a sculpture by Jacob Fjelde that has stood in Minnehaha Park in Minneapolis since the early twentieth century. Now a popular fixture of the park, its placement there was originally controversial.
The Samuel Hunt House is located in Rutland, Wisconsin.
The Philippine presidential and vice presidential elections of 1969 were held on November 11, 1969. Incumbent President Ferdinand Marcos won an unprecedented second full term as President of the Philippines. Marcos was the last president in the entire electoral history of the Philippines who ran for and won a second term. His running mate, incumbent Vice President Fernando Lopez, was also elected to a third full term as Vice President of the Philippines. An unprecedented twelve candidates ran for president, but ten of those were nuisance candidates.
Maria Teresa Felicitas d'Este was born a princess of Modena and was by marriage the Duchess of Penthièvre. She was the mother-in-law of Philippe Égalité and thus grandmother to the future Louis-Philippe of France.
Thomas George Hutton, is an American former professional baseball infielder-outfielder who played in Major League Baseball with the Los Angeles Dodgers, Philadelphia Phillies, Toronto Blue Jays, and Montreal Expos.
Idiacanthus is a genus of barbeled dragonfishes, the larvae of which are noted for exhibiting the Stylophthalmine trait.
Tenry Koshibu Suikei Prefectural Natural Park is a Prefectural Natural Park in southern Nagano Prefecture, Japan. Established in 1970, the park's central feature is the Tenry River. The park spans the borders of the municipalities of Iida, Matsukawa, Nakagawa, shika, Takagi, Takamori, and Toyooka.
The Battle of Haditha was a battle fought between U.S. forces and Ansar al-Sunna in early August 2005 on the outskirts of the town of Haditha, Iraq, which was one of the many towns that were under insurgent control in the Euphrates River valley during 2005.
St. Germain Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Rimouski. It is the mother church for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Rimouski.
The Taba Border Crossing also known as the Menachem Begin Crossing is an international border crossing between Taba, Egypt, and Eilat, Israel.
Bottnaryd is a locality situated in Jönköping Municipality, Jönköping County, Sweden with 713 inhabitants in 2010.
The Edmonton Folk Music Festival is an annual four-day outdoor music event held the second weekend of August in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, established in 1980 by Don Whalen. The festival continues to draw many people from around the world as both spectators and performers. The current producer of the festival is Terry Wickham.
Teams in the American Hockey League first hosted games outdoors in 2010. Paralleling the National Hockey League's Winter Classic and Heritage Classic, these outdoor games frequently pit two regional rivals in a game in an outdoor venue. Inasmuch as the games have carried a unified brand, the most commonly used name for these events has been the Outdoor Classic.
Mount Malabar is a stratovolcano, located immediately south of Bandung, West Java, Indonesia. The profile is broad with basaltic andesite, type of geological stone.
Trogolegnum is a genus of moths in the family Sphingidae, containing only one species, Trogolegnum pseudambulyx, which is known from Mexico.
Orio Litta is a comune in the Province of Lodi in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 45 kilometres southeast of Milan and about 14 kilometres southeast of Lodi. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,982 and an area of 9.9 square kilometres.
"John Phalen ""Stuffy"" McInnis was a first baseman and manager in Major League Baseball.
Nivnice is a village and municipality in Uherské Hradišt District in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic.
Shirin was a wife of the Sassanid Persian Shahanshah, Khosrow Parviz. In the revolution after the death of Khosrow's father Hormizd IV, the General Bahram Chobin took power over the Persian empire. Shirin fled with Khosrow to Syria, where they lived under the protection of Byzantine emperor Maurice. In 591, Khosrow returned to Persia to take control of the empire and Shirin was made queen. She used her new influence to support the Christian minority in Iran, but the political situation demanded that she do so discreetly. Initially she belonged to the Church of the East, the so-called Nestorians, but later she joined the miaphysite church of Antioch, now known as the Syriac Orthodox Church. After conquering Jerusalem in 614, amidst the Byzantine–Sasanian War of 602–628, the Persians captured the True Cross of Jesus and brought it to their capital Ctesiphon, where Shirin took the cross in her palace.
"South Korean boy band Day6 held their debut concert ""D-Day"" on November 21–22, 2015. They held 30 concerts during the Every Day6 project as they performed two to three times a month in Seoul in 2017. It includes the Finale Concert ""The Best Moments"" and four shows in Busan, Daegu and Daejeon which took place in early 2018. They completed their first world tour in January 2019: in seven months, they performed in 16 countries and 24 cities. They went on their first Japan tour in October 2018."
Laishevsky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the forty-three in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia. It is located in the west of the republic. The area of the district is 2,094.43 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the town of Laishevo. Population: 36,516; 37,011; 35,521. The population of Laishevo accounts for 21.2% of the district's total population.
Gene Pollar was the screen name of New York City firefighter Joseph Pohler, who in his very brief movie career played Tarzan.
Hann Bel-Air is a commune d'arrondissement of the city of Dakar, Senegal.
Le Hamel is a commune in the Somme department and Hauts-de-France region of northern France.
Circassian cheese Adyghe:  , Russian:   adygeyskiy syr, is a Circassian cheese found across the North Caucasus, the Levant and other areas with a Circassian diaspora.
The Rural Municipality of Silverwood No. 123 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 5 and SARM Division No. 1. It is located in the southeast portion of the province.
First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at 34 Brinkerhoff Street in Plattsburgh, Clinton County, New York. It was originally built between 1812 and 1816; after a fire destroyed the structure in 1867, it was rebuilt in the same location between 1868 and 1873. It is a rectangular limestone Gothic Revival style church. It has a slate gable roof and buttresses. It features arched openings and a central square bell tower with tall spire and embedded clocks on each side.
The Madonna with St. Catherine of Alexandria and St. Martin of Tours is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Filippino Lippi. It is housed in the church of Santo Spirito of Florence. St. John the Baptist, the patron saint of Florence, appears on the right hand side of the Virgin. The infant Christ turns towards his precursor also a juvenile, dressed in animal skins as appropriate for a desert saint and whose staff has a crossbar referring to the Crucifixion to come.
Pachi Pulusu is an unheated version of the hot tamarind soup. It is mainly a summer dish in Telangana & Andhra Pradesh. Unlike regular pulusu, this kind is much more spicy, watery and light.
The FN MAG is a Belgian 7.62 mm general-purpose machine gun, designed in the early 1950s at Fabrique Nationale by Ernest Vervier. It has been used by more than 80 countries and it has been made under licence in several countries, including Argentina, Canada, Egypt, India and the United Kingdom.
The Chesterton Commercial Historic District is a historic district in Chesterton, Indiana.
Chappes is a commune in the Aube département in north-central France.
Arltunga is a deserted gold rush town located in the Northern Territory of Australia in the locality of Hart about 110 kilometres east of Alice Springs. It is of major historical significance as the first major European settlement in Central Australia.
"William Henry ""Smush"" Parker is an American former professional basketball player. He played in the National Basketball Association, the NBA D-League and several leagues overseas. Parker played shooting guard in college but moved to point guard in the NBA."
Deransko Lake is a lake of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is located in the municipality of Hutovo Blato.
Pembroke College is one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in England, located in Pembroke Square. The college was founded in 1624 by King James I of England, using in part the endowment of merchant Thomas Tesdale, and was named after William Herbert, 3rd Earl of Pembroke, Lord Chamberlain and then-Chancellor of the University.
"André Thornton nicknamed ""Thunder"", is a former professional baseball first baseman and designated hitter, who played in Major League Baseball for the Chicago Cubs, Montreal Expos, and Cleveland Indians during a 14-year big league career."
Le Gua is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Tjörneshreppur is a municipality in Iceland, part of the Norðurland eystra region. It is surrounded by the Norðurþing municipality on land, but has significant coastline.
Yessentuki is a city in Stavropol Krai, Russia, located at the base of the Caucasus Mountains. The city serves as a railway station in the Mineralnye Vody—Kislovodsk branch, and is located 43 kilometers southwest of Mineralnye Vody and 17 kilometers west of Pyatigorsk. It is considered the cultural capital of Russia's Greek population and even today close to ten percent of its population is of Greek descent. Population: 100,996; 81,758; 85,082.
The 50th Expeditionary Signal Battalion is a United States Army unit which is part of the 35th Signal Brigade located at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. The
The ruins of the five storey high 15th century Carleton Castle lie in a prominent position above the village of Lendalfoot located on Carleton Bay, parish of Colmonell in the old district of Carrick, now South Ayrshire, about 6 miles south of Girvan, Scotland.
Shahzada Mirza Jawan Bakht Bahadur alternative spelling Mirza Javan Bakht, Mirza Jewan Bakht also known as Mirza Jahandar Shah born at the Red Fort, Delhi. He was the eldest son of Emperor Shah Alam II and the grandson of Emperor Alamgir II, Jawan Bakht was a very influential Timurid Prince of the Mughal Empire.
Bristol Castle was a Norman castle built for the defence of Bristol. Remains can be seen today in Castle Park near the Broadmead Shopping Centre, including the sally port.
The Sheraton Princess Kaiulani Hotel is a large resort hotel in Honolulu, Hawaii.
Se dam is an artificial drinking water reservoir located in Pardubice Region, Czech Republic. It supplies cities of Pardubice and Chrudim and is also an important tourist destination located in protected area Iron Mountains. The dam has also regulatory function and its water is used in some water power plants.
The Battle of Cortenuova was fought on 27 November 1237 in the course of the Guelphs and Ghibellines Wars: in it, Holy Roman Emperor Frederick II defeated the Second Lombard League.
The former P&O Building, also known as the Australian Union Steamship Navigation Company building is a heritage-listed building in Phillimore Street in the west end of Fremantle, Western Australia.
Kulosaari is an island and an
Ryazan Governorate was an administrative division of the Russian Empire and Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic, which existed from 1796 to 1929. Its administrative center was in the city of Ryazan.
The Syriac Catholic Church, also known as Syriac Catholic Patriarchate of Antioch, is an Eastern Catholic Christian Church in the Levant that uses the West Syriac Rite liturgy and has many practices and rites in common with the Syriac Orthodox Church. Being one of the twenty-three Eastern Catholic Churches, the Syriac Catholic Church has full autonomy and is a self-governed sui iuris Church while it is in full communion with the Holy See of Rome. The Syriac Catholic Church traces its history to the earliest days of Christianity. After the Calcedonian Schism the Church of Antioch became part of Oriental Orthodoxy, and was known as the Syriac Orthodox Church, while a new Antiochian Patriarchate was established to fill its place by the churches which accepted the Council of Chalcedon. The Syriac Orthodox Church came into full communion with the Holy See and the modern Syriac Orthodox Church is a result of those that did not want to join the Catholic Church. Therefore the Syriac Catholic Church is the continuation of the original Church of Antioch.
St Baglan's Church, Llanfaglan, is a redundant church in the parish of Llanfaglan, Gwynedd, Wales. It is designated by Cadw as a Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches. It stands in an isolated position in a field some 150 metres from a minor road.
Graeme Raymond Storm is an English professional golfer.
Cosio Valtellino is a comune in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 80 kilometres northeast of Milan and about 25 kilometres west of Sondrio.
Braydon Coburn is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League. Coburn was originally selected in the first round, eighth overall, by the Atlanta Thrashers in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft, beginning his NHL career with the organization before moving to the Philadelphia Flyers and Lightning.
Briny Breezes is a town in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. As of the 2010 census, 601 people lived there.
Swabi District is a district in the Mardan Division of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan. It lies between the Indus and Kabul Rivers. Before becoming a district in 1988, it was a tehsil within the Mardan District. 96% of the population have Pashto as their first language.
"Snarky Puppy is an American instrumental ensemble led by bassist Michael League. Snarky Puppy combines a variety of jazz idioms, rock, world music, and funk and has won three Grammy Awards. Although the band has worked with vocalists, League described Snarky Puppy as ""a pop band that improvises a lot, without vocals""."
Troll is a Norwegian symphonic black metal band.
Ruth Milles was a Swedish sculptor and writer. She is mainly known for her figurines and reliefs.
Zaynulla Rasulev Mosque in Tzarskoe selo district is one of the mosques in the town Uchaly, Bashkortostan, Russia.
The Museo Histórico Militar de Cartagena is a military museum dedicated to Spanish Army History, and is located in Cartagena, Spain
The Southworth House is a Classical Revival and Italianate house in Cleveland, Ohio, United States that was built in 1879. Named for its first owner, W.P. Southworth, a leading resident of late nineteenth-century Cleveland, the house has been used for a variety of commercial purposes in recent decades. One of many historic sites in its eastside neighborhood, it has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
King Faisal Street is a main street in central Aleppo, Syria. Located to the northwest of the Saadallah Al-Jabiri Square connecting the Aleppo Public Park with Al-Sabil Park. The street ends up with Shihan Square to the north of the city centre.
Apulum was a fort in the Roman province of Dacia in the 2nd and 4th centuries AD, located in today's Alba-Iulia, Romania. It is the largest castrum located in Romania, occupying 37.5 hectares.
Brett James Nicholas is an American former professional baseball catcher. He played in Major League Baseball for the Texas Rangers.
IBC Tower is a skyscraper in the IBC building complex in Bockenheim district of Frankfurt, Germany. At 30-storeys and 112 m, it is considerably taller than the other two buildings named IBC Tower A, and IBC Tower B, which are both ten storeys.
Satake Yoshihiro was the 10th daimy of Kubota Domain in Dewa Province, Japan, and the 28th hereditary chieftain of the Satake clan. His courtesy title was 'Uky-no-daifu and Jij and later raised to Sakonoeshsh and his Court rank was Junior Fourth Rank, Lower Grade.
The Wetlands Institute is a non-profit organization started in 1969 by the executive director of WWF, Herbert Mills. The Wetlands Institute sits on 6,000 acres of protected wetlands in Stone Harbor, New Jersey. It hosts educational tours and courses and is a base for research on wetlands ecology.
Dearborn is a city of the Detroit metropolitan area and Wayne County in the state of Michigan in the United States. Almost 98,000 people were living in Dearborn as of 2000.
Mark Anthony Barriga is a Filipino professional boxer who challenged for the IBF mini-flyweight title in 2018. As an amateur, Barriaga represented Philippines at the 2012 Olympics, reaching the round of 16 of the light-flyweight bracket.
St Osburg's Church also known as the Church of the Most Holy Sacrament and St Osburg is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Coventry, West Midlands. It was built from 1843 to 1845 and was designed by Charles Hansom. It is situated in the city centre on the junction between Holyhead Road and the Coventry Ring Road. It was founded by the Benedictines from Downside Abbey and is a Grade II listed building.
Douglas Dawson Wilson was a New Zealand rugby union player.
"Frank Charles ""Sanny"" Jacobsson was a Swedish professional footballer who spent his entire career as a winger for the club GAIS in the Swedish Allsvenskan."
The 6th Engineers Regiment is a regiment of the génie militaire of the French Military constituted under the IIIrd Republic. It is the only Engineers Regiment among the Troupes de Marine.
The Finnish Aviation Museum is a museum specialising in aircraft, located near Helsinki Airport in Veromies, Vantaa, Finland.
Pedro Jesús Mora Suescun is a Venezuelan long-distance runner. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's marathon, finishing in 62nd place.
Bahia Honda is a bay in La Guajira, Colombia on the Atlantic Ocean. It lies approximately 40 miles from the Venezuelan border on the Guajira Peninsula in the northeast region of Colombia. The bay opens to the Caribbean Sea.
Yevhen Kyrylovych Marchuk, born on January 28, 1941, is a Ukrainian politician. During his career, Marchuk was prime minister of Ukraine, presidential candidate, secretary of the National Security and Defense Council, and Defense Minister of Ukraine. Marchuk is affiliated with the Ukrainian Den newspaper, edited by his wife. He has been a general in the Army of Ukraine since March 23, 1994.
Callionima grisescens is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae.It was originally described by Rothschild as Calliomma grisescens, in 1894.
Port Wentworth is a city in Chatham County, Georgia, United States. The population was 5,359 at the 2010 census, with an estimated population of 8,518 in 2018. It is part of the Savannah Metropolitan Statistical Area.
"Andrew ""Andy"" Young is a Scottish cross-country skier. He competed for Great Britain in the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, finishing in 74th place in the 15km freestyle. In 2008 he became the youngest skier to compete in a World Cup event.
Ricardo Alves Fernandes also known as Ricardinho, is a Brazilian footballer. He played in several teams in Brazil, the Middle East, Asia and Europe.
Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica, often referred to as simply the Principia, is a work in three books by Isaac Newton, in Latin, first published 5 July 1687. After annotating and correcting his personal copy of the first edition, Newton published two further editions, in 1713 and 1726. The Principia states Newton's laws of motion, forming the foundation of classical mechanics; Newton's law of universal gravitation; and a derivation of Kepler's laws of planetary motion.
Noida, short for New Okhla Industrial Development Authority, is a planned city located in Gautam Buddh Nagar district of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is a satellite city of Delhi and is a part of the National Capital Region of India. As per provisional reports of Census of India, the population of Noida in 2011 was 642,381. The city is managed by New Okhla Industrial Development Authority. The district's administrative headquarters are in the nearby city of Greater Noida.
Brélès is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Papilio lorquinianus, the sea green swallowtail, is a butterfly of the family Papilionidae. It is found in the Moluccas and in western Irian Jaya.
Field Marshal Stapleton Cotton, 1st Viscount Combermere GCB GCH KSI PC, was a British Army officer, diplomat and politician. As a junior officer he took part in the Flanders Campaign, in the Fourth Anglo-Mysore War and in the suppression of Robert Emmet's insurrection in 1803. He commanded a cavalry brigade in Sir Arthur Wellesley's Army before being given overall command of the cavalry in the latter stages of the Peninsular War. He went on to be Commander-in-Chief, Ireland and then Commander-in-Chief, India. In the latter role he stormed Bharatpur—a fort which previously had been deemed impregnable.
"Mariposa is a census-designated place in and the county seat of Mariposa County, California, United States. The population was 2,173 at the 2010 census, up from 1,373 at the 2000 census. Its name is Spanish for ""butterfly"", after the flocks of monarchs seen overwintering there by early explorers."
"Tamara Mitrofanovna Samsonova, known as the ""Granny Ripper"" and ""Baba Yaga"", is a Russian serial killer who was arrested in July 2015 on suspicion of committing 2 murders with extreme cruelty. She supposedly suffers from schizophrenia and was previously hospitalized three times in psychiatric hospitals."
Richmond Main Street Station, officially the Main Street Station and Trainshed, is a historic railroad station and office building in Richmond, Virginia. It was built in 1901, and is served by Amtrak. It is also an intermodal station with Richmond's city transit bus services, which are performed by Greater Richmond Transit Company. It is colloquially known, by residents who are originally from the city, as The Clock Tower. It is a U.S. National Historic Landmark. Presently Main Street Station serves as a secondary train station for Richmond providing limited Amtrak service directly to downtown Richmond. Several Amtrak trains serving the Richmond metropolitan area presently only stop at the area's primary rail station, Staples Mill Road which is located five miles to the north in Henrico County.
Beverly Hills is a city in McLennan County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,995 at the 2010 census. The city is surrounded by Waco and is part of the Waco Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Boleslav Mikhailovich Markevich was a Russian writer, essayist, journalist, and literary critic of Polish origin; author of a number of popular novels, including: Marina of the Aluy Rog, A Quarter of a Century Ago, The Turning Point and The Void.
The 2011 Atlantic hurricane season was the second consecutive season to feature the third highest count of tropical storms, but most of the storms were weak. The season was significantly above-average, mostly due to a La Niña that persisted during the previous year. Therefore, the season was tied with 1887, 1995, 2010, and the following 2012 season for the third highest number of tropical storms since record-keeping began in 1851. Although the season featured 19 tropical storms, only 7 of them intensified into hurricanes and 4 of those became major hurricanes: Irene, Katia, Ophelia, and Rina. The season officially began on June 1 and ended on November 30, dates which conventionally delimit the period during each year in which most tropical cyclones develop in the Atlantic Ocean. However, the first tropical storm of the season, Arlene, did not develop until nearly a month later. The final system, Tropical Storm Sean, dissipated over the open Atlantic on November 11.
Eureka Tower is a 297.3 m skyscraper located in the Southbank precinct of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. Construction began in August 2002 and the exterior was completed on 1 June 2006. The plaza was finished in June 2006 and the building was officially opened on 11 October 2006. The project was designed by Melbourne architectural firm Fender Katsalidis Architects and was built by Grocon. The developer of the tower was Eureka Tower Pty Ltd, a joint venture consisting of Daniel Grollo, investor Tab Fried and one of the Tower's architects Nonda Katsalidis. It was the world's tallest residential tower when measured to its highest floor, until surpassed by Ocean Heights and the HHHR Tower in Dubai. From 2006 to 2019, it was the tallest building in Melbourne, until the topping out of Australia 108. It is currently the third tallest building in Australia, behind the Q1 in Queensland and Australia 108, as well as the second tallest to roof behind the latter skyscraper. As of 2016 it was the 15th tallest residential building in the world.
"The Rockland Memorial Library is the public library of Rockland, Massachusetts. It is located at 382 Union Street, in a Carnegie-funded Classical Revival building, which was built in 1903 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The library features several community oriented activities, such as raffles, book-release parties, and ""Art in the Rotunda""."
Luka Milivojevi is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder and captains Premier League club Crystal Palace and the Serbian national team.
Ayam rica-rica is an Indonesian hot and spicy chicken dish. It is made up of chicken that cooked in spicy red and green chili pepper. The origin of this dish is from Minahasan cuisine of North Sulawesi.
Champorcher is a comune in the Aosta Valley region of northwestern Italy, the main town in the Champorcher Valley.
The Sokoke scops owl is an owl found in Kenya and Tanzania. The greatest population of this species of owl is in the Cynometra-Manilkara forest, which is less than one-third of the Sokoke Forest. It is also found in the Afzelia-Cynometra forest.
USS Tatoosh (YAG-1) was a wooden-hulled cargo-passenger vessel, SS Catherine D., that was acquired by the U.S. Navy.
Citizendium is an English-language wiki-based online encyclopedia launched by Larry Sanger in 2007. On this wiki, people have to use their given names and must request an account to prove they are real. Articles created by Citizendium editors are under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License.
The Diocese of Iba is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
The SEAT Alhambra was a large multi-purpose vehicle. It was manufactured under the SEAT brand from June 1996 at the Volkswagen Group's AutoEuropa plant in Palmela, Portugal. It shares the same platform with the Volkswagen Sharan, and the first generation was also related to the Ford Galaxy. The vehicle is named after the Alhambra of Granada, a famous monument in Spain.
The Faith Cabin Library at Anderson County Training School in Pendleton, South Carolina was one of the 26 Faith Cabin Libraries constructed in South Carolina to offer library services to rural African Americans who were barred from using other library facilities. The one-room, free-standing log cabin with a fieldstone chimney and foundation was built on the grounds of the Anderson County Training School, a Rosenwald School, and paid for by money and timber from the local community.
Saint-Florent Cathedral or Nebbio Cathedral is a former Roman Catholic church located in the town of Saint-Florent in Corsica, France. The cathedral is a national monument and is now the church of Santa Maria Assunta.
Family Circle Tennis Center is a tennis center on Daniel Island in Charleston, South Carolina. Built in 2001, the center has 17 courts, including the 10,200-seat Volvo Car Stadium. From 2001 to 2019, it hosted the WTA Tour's Volvo Cars Open, originally the Family Circle Cup from 2001-15.
Burgos, officially the Municipality of Burgos, is a 6th class municipality in the province of Surigao del Norte, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 4,034 people.
Corton was a station in Corton, Suffolk on the Norfolk and Suffolk Joint Railway line between Great Yarmouth and Lowestoft. The station opened on 13 July 1903.
José Padrón Martín was a Spanish footballer who played for RCD Espanyol, Sevilla FC and FC Barcelona in Spain and various clubs in France.
Irina Mikitenko, née Volynskaya, is a German long-distance runner who competes in marathons. She won the Berlin Marathon in 2008 and is a two-time winner of the London Marathon. She has competed at the Summer Olympics on four occasions.
Sajerpar Ghoramara is a small village in Cooch Behar district of West Bengal, India.
Qichun County is a county of eastern Hubei province, People's Republic of China. It is under the administration of Huanggang City. Qichun is the birthplace of famous herbalist Li Shizhen, who was born and lived in Qizhou town, on the southern edge of the county, alongside the Yangtze River. In turn, Qichun is a major center of the herbal industry in China.
Trocadero is a 1944 American comedy film directed by William Nigh and starring Rosemary Lane, and Johnny Downs, Ralph Morgan, Dick Purcell, Sheldon Leonard, Cliff Nazarro, Marjorie Manners, and Erskine Johnson.
Stena Danica is a ferry operated by Stena Line between Gothenburg and Fredrikshavn.
Honoré Vial was a French military leader, diplomat, and administrator who served in the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars.
A Haitian patty is a baked puff pastry-type pastry filled with savory fillings.
Ministeria vibrans is a bacterivorous amoeba with filopodia that was originally described to be suspended by a flagellum-like stalk attached to the substrate. Molecular and experimental work later on demonstrated the stalk is indeed a flagellar apparatus.
"PJ Harvey is an English musician and singer-songwriter. She has released eight studio albums—Dry, Rid of Me, To Bring You My Love, Is This Desire?, Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea, Uh Huh Her, White Chalk and Let England Shake —and two collaboration albums with John Parish. In addition, she has released three compilation albums and three video albums. Several of Harvey's singles have appeared on the UK Singles Chart, including ""Down by the Water"" which peaked at number 38, ""A Perfect Day Elise"" which peaked at number 25, and ""The Letter"" which peaked at number 28.
Cédric Hountondji is a professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Clermont Foot and the Benin national football team.
Pangkal Pinang is the capital and largest city of Bangka Belitung Islands province in Indonesia. It is located on Bangka Island's east coast, the city is divided into seven districts and has 42 wards.
The Brisbane trolleybus system was part of the public transport network in Brisbane, Australia from 1951 until 1969. The Brisbane City Council operated 36 Sunbeam trolleybuses on a 28 kilometre network.
The Heritage Conservation Act is a provincial statute which allows for the preservation of cultural heritage properties and areas in the province of New Brunswick, Canada.
Castle Bromwich Hall Gardens are situated adjacent to the west side of Castle Bromwich Hall, a Jacobean Mansion. They are in the old centre of Castle Bromwich, a large village in the Metropolitan Borough of Solihull of the English West Midlands area.
A lapdog or lap dog is a dog that is both small enough to be held in the arms or lie comfortably on a person's lap and temperamentally predisposed to do so. Lapdogs are not a specific breed, but is a generic term for a type of dog of small size and friendly disposition.
The Loy Yang Power Station is a brown coal-fired thermal power station located on the outskirts of the city of Traralgon, in south-eastern Victoria, Australia. It consists of two sections, known as Loy Yang A and Loy Yang B. Both Loy Yang A and B are supplied by the Loy Yang brown coal mine. The Loy Yang power stations are located in the brown coal rich Latrobe Valley, along with the Yallourn power station.
The Eurasian skylark is a passerine bird in the lark family, Alaudidae. It is a widespread species found across Europe and the Palearctic with introduced populations in New Zealand, Australia and on the Hawaiian Islands. It is a bird of open farmland and heath, known for the song of the male, which is delivered in hovering flight from heights of 50 to 100 metres. The sexes are alike. It is streaked greyish-brown above and on the breast and has a buff-white belly.
Akihabara Station is a railway station in Tokyo's Chiyoda ward. It is at the center of the Akihabara shopping district specializing in electronic goods.
La Mouche is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Lieutenant General James Gordon Legge, CB, CMG was an Australian Army senior officer who served in the First World War and was the Chief of the General Staff, Australia's highest ranking army officer between 1914 and 1915 and again from 1917 to 1920. His son, Stanley Ferguson Legge, reached the rank of major general.
Meyer's parrot, also known as the brown parrot, is a species of parrot native to Africa. A Meyer's parrot has black feathers, turquoise belly, blue rump, and bright yellow markings on the carpal joint of the wings. Most subspecies have some yellow on the top of the head as well. Forshaw recognizes six subspecies of P. meyeri which vary in home range, size and in markings, including the extent of yellow markings to the head and wings and the intense of turquoise markings on the belly and rump.
The Nathaniel Felton Houses are a pair of historic houses at 43 and 47 Felton Street in Peabody, Massachusetts. The Peabody Historical Society owns and operates the homes as historic house museums.
Friesener Warte is a hill in Bavaria, Germany.
Acianthera johannensis is a species of orchid.
South Dakota Highway 28 is a 105.937-mile state highway in the east-central South Dakota, United States, that connects Hitchcock, Estelline, and Toronto.
Langendernbach is a village in the municipality Dornburg, Limburg-Weilburg district, Hesse, in western Germany.
Mona Ali Mohamed Zaki is an Egyptian actress. She is married to actor Ahmed Helmy.
Rauwiller is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Serra de São Mamede is a mountain range in Portalegre District, Portugal. This range is named after Saint Mammes. Together with the Serra de Arraiolos, the Serra de São Mamede is one of the few places in the Alentejo region where there might be snow in the winter.
Barnetby railway station serves the village of Barnetby-le-Wold in North Lincolnshire, England. It is operated by TransPennine Express, with East Midlands Railway and Northern also serving the station.
"James Archibald Houston, OC, FRSA was a Canadian artist, designer, children's author and filmmaker who played an important role in the recognition of Inuit art and introduced printmaking to the Inuit. The Inuit named him ""Saumik,"" which means ""the left-handed one""."
"Deborah Ruth ""Deb"" Talan is an American singer-songwriter. She is best known for being part of the folk-pop duo The Weepies."
Mina Popovi is a Serbian female volleyball player.
Brampton—Springdale is a federal electoral district in Ontario, Canada, that was represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 2004 until 2015, when it was abolished after the 2012 federal electoral redistribution.
Bisphosphoglycerate mutase is an enzyme unique to erythrocytes and placental cells. It is responsible for the catalytic synthesis of 2,3-Bisphosphoglycerate from 1,3-bisphosphoglycerate. BPGM also has a mutase and a phosphatase function, but these are much less active, in contrast to its glycolitic cousin, phosphoglycerate mutase, which favors these two functions, but can also catalyze the synthesis of 2,3-BPG to a lesser extent.
Pleurobrachia is a common genus of Ctenophora. Along with the genus Hormiphora, it generally has the common name sea gooseberry. It contains the following species:
Wilhelmsburg is a municipality in the district of Sankt Pölten-Land in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.
Vlado Šegrt was a Yugoslav participant in the National Liberation Struggle and a socio-political worker in the Socialist Republics of Bosnia and Herzegovina and Yugoslavia. He was a reserve Major General and national hero of Yugoslavia. From September 1948 to March 1953 he was the President of the Presidium of the National Assembly of the People's Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Piraí do Sul is a municipality in the state of Paraná in the Southern Region of Brazil.
Astrocaryum chambira, the chambira palm or chambira, is a large and spiny palm native to the Amazon Rainforest in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela that is mostly known for its commercial value as a fiber crop. It can reach over 25 meters in height, and it is not uncommon for climbing trees to be planted nearby to make harvesting the fruit and leaves both easier and safer.
Pierre Nord Alexis was President of Haiti from 17 December 1902 to 2 December 1908.
The Sikorsky X2 is an experimental high-speed compound helicopter with coaxial rotors developed by Sikorsky Aircraft.
The Edgewater Beach Hotel was a resort hotel complex on Lake Michigan in the far-north neighborhood community of Edgewater in Chicago, Illinois, designed by Benjamin H. Marshall and Charles E. Fox. The first section was built in 1916 for its owners John Tobin Connery and James Patrick Connery, located between Sheridan Road and Lake Michigan at Berwyn Avenue. An adjacent south tower building was added in 1924. The resort hosted famous movie and sports stars, and later Martin Luther King Jr. It was also the setting for the celebrity stalking case and shooting that inspired the novel and movie The Natural. The hotel closed in 1967, and was soon after demolished.
Rajat Bedi is an Indo-Canadian film actor, television producer, entrepreneur and stuntman who primarily appears in Bollywood films. Known for his role as Raj Saxena in the film Koi... Mil Gaya, Bedi has worked over 40 films, including Rakht, Khamoshh... Khauff Ki Raat and Rocky - The Rebel. He is also the first Indian to represent India at Manhunt International in 1994.
Shinichir Watanabe is a Japanese anime television and film director. He is best known for directing the critically acclaimed and commercially successful anime series Cowboy Bebop, Samurai Champloo, Carole and Tuesday, and Space Dandy.
Stafford railway station is the only railway station in Stafford, Staffordshire, England, and is the second busiest railway station in Staffordshire, after Stoke-on-Trent. The station serves the county town, as well as surrounding villages. The station lies on the junction of the Trent Valley Line and the Rugby-Birmingham-Stafford Line.
Jason Warner and deMarco DeCiccio are a Christian musical duo with outreach to the LGBT community.
Austrofromia polypora, commonly called many-pored sea star or many-spotted seastar, is a species of marine starfish belonging to the family Ophidiasteridae.
Before the outbreak of World War II in the Pacific, the island of Borneo was divided into five territories. Four of the territories were in the north and under British control – Sarawak, Brunei, Labuan, an island, and British North Borneo; while the remainder, and bulk, of the island, was under the jurisdiction of the Dutch East Indies.
Euphaedra niveovittata is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. It is found in the southern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
On 21 October 2016 a Mil Mi-8 helicopter belonging to Skol Airlines crashed in Yamalo-Nenets on the Yamal Peninsula in Siberia, Russia. At least nineteen people were killed and there were three survivors. The helicopter was carrying at least 22 passengers and crew, mostly oil and gas workers.
St Mary's Isle is a partially submerged reef in Douglas Bay on the Isle of Man. Prior to 1832 the rock was the property of the Quane family until John Quane, Attorney General of the Isle of Man, presented the rock to Sir William Hillary, in his capacity as President of the Isle of Man District of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution to build the Tower of Refuge. Since then the custody of St Mary's Isle has been held by each president of the local lifeboat association.
Nava Prehi-Boker is an Israeli journalist and politician.
Flight Lieutenant James Henry Whalen DFC was a Canadian Second World War fighter pilot ace.
"The Palace Theatre is a 2,695-seat restored movie palace located at 34 W. Broad Street in Columbus, Ohio. It was designed and built in 1926 by the American architect Thomas W. Lamb as part of the American Insurance Union Citadel. Today the theater functions as a multi-use performing arts venue. It is owned and operated by The Columbus Association for the Performing Arts. The Palace Theater's ""house"" is considered separate from LeVeque Tower, while the Marquee and lobby are part of the Leveque complex."
Nicrophorus vespilloides is a burying beetle described by Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Herbst in 1783.
Simeon Bankoff is a notable New York City preservation activist. He has served as Executive Director of the Historic Districts Council, a New York City, USA, not-for-profit organization, since November 2000.
West End Saloon, also known as Paddy Malone's, is a historic commercial building located at Jefferson City, Cole County, Missouri. It was built in 1863, and expanded and enlarged between 1892 and 1898. It is a three-story, rectangular, Second Empire style brick building. It features a mansard roof.
Maja Ring Kildemoes is a Danish football defender who plays for Danish club Brøndby IF and the Denmark women's national football team. She previously played for Elitedivisionen club Odense anf Linköpings FC in Damallsvenskan.
Kangerlussuaq Fjord is a fjord in eastern Greenland. It is part of the Sermersooq municipality.
"Revenge is a famous LGBT nightclub in Brighton, England. The venue was the first sizable dedicated gay club to open in the city, which is now known for its gay community and is recognised as the ""unofficial gay capital of the UK""."
Semnan University is a university in Semnan, Iran, about 240 km east of Tehran. The university has over 15,000 students, 60 undergraduate programs, 95 MSc programs, and 55 PhD programs. It has 25 faculties, 2 colleges, 2 institutes, 9 research groups, one Science and Technology Park, and one Advanced Technologies Incubator Centre.
Frankfurt-Höchst Farbwerke station is a station in the district of Höchst of the city of Frankfurt in the German state of Hesse on the Main-Lahn Railway. It is now served by lines S1 and S 2 of the Rhine-Main S-Bahn. The station is classified by Deutsche Bahn as a category 5 station. Although the city of Höchst was incorporated in Frankfurt in 1928, the official name of the station from its opening in 1967 was Farbwerke Hoechst, but since the closure of the dye works, the station has been renamed Frankfurt-Höchst Farbwerke.
Smedjebacken Municipality is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden. Its seat is located in the town of Smedjebacken.
Bab-e-Khyber is a monument which stands at the entrance of the Khyber Pass in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The gate is immediately west of Peshawar, while the historic Jamrud Fort is adjacent to the gate.
Homebush is a suburb in the Inner West of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. It is located 15 kilometres west of the Sydney central business district, in the local government area of the Municipality of Strathfield. The Homebush area was initially called Liberty Plains. The historic railway station named after the suburb was for a time the early terminus of the Great Western Line. Nearby, Homebush Bay is a major inlet on the southern side of the Parramatta River northwest of Homebush. Homebush Bay was also the name of a separate, official suburb in former Auburn Council, most of which is now the suburb of Olympic Park, located to the northwest of Homebush and north of the separate suburb of Homebush West.
The Shops at La Cantera is an open-air regional shopping mall located in La Cantera, San Antonio, near the Texas State Highway Loop 1604 and Interstate 10 interchange, on the city's Northwest Side. The initial phase of the project opened on September 16, 2005. The 1,300,000-square-foot center sits on a 150-acre site in La Cantera, a 1,700-acre master-planned resort community developed by USAA Real Estate Company. La Cantera is also home to Six Flags Fiesta Texas, La Cantera Resort & Spa and two world-class golf courses, The Palmer Course at La Cantera and the Resort Course, which was home to the PGA Valero Texas Open.
"Marine Heavy Helicopter Squadron 461 is a United States Marine Corps helicopter squadron consisting of CH-53E Super Stallion transport helicopters. The squadron, known as ""Ironhorse"", is based at Marine Corps Air Station New River, North Carolina and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 29 and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing. With its lineage starting in 1944, HMH-461 is the oldest active Heavy Lift Helicopter Squadron in the Marine Corps."
DeCamp Bus Lines is an apportioned bus company serving Essex County, New Jersey and Passaic County, New Jersey, with line-run to and from Manhattan and charter service. The family-run business was started as a stage-coach company in 1870.
Guaranda is a town and municipality located in the Sucre Department, northern Colombia.
Friedrich Wilhelm Ernst Albrecht von Gräfe, often Anglicized to Graefe, was a Prussian pioneer of German ophthalmology. Graefe was born in Finkenheerd, Brandenburg, the son of Karl Ferdinand von Graefe. He was the father of the far right politician Albrecht von Graefe.
Kzu Station is a train station located in Katano, Osaka Prefecture, Japan.
Rouguy Diallo is a French athlete who specialises in the triple jump.
Radiographers, also known as radiologic technologists, diagnostic radiographers and medical radiation technologists are healthcare professionals who specialise in the imaging of human anatomy for the diagnosis and treatment of pathology. Radiographers are infrequently, and almost always erroneously, known as x-ray technicians. In countries that use the title radiologic technologist they are often informally referred to as techs in the clinical environment; this phrase has emerged in popular culture such as television programmes. The term radiographer can also refer to a therapeutic radiographer, also known as a radiation therapist.
John Kemp was a medieval English cardinal, Archbishop of Canterbury, and Lord Chancellor of England.
The Quillen River is a river of Chile.
Greensburg is a city in and the county seat of Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States, and a part of the Pittsburgh Metro Area. The city lies within the Laurel Highlands and the ecoregion of the Western Allegheny Plateau. The city is named after Nathanael Greene, a major general of the Continental Army in the American Revolutionary War. The population was 14,892 at the 2010 census.
The Roca dels Moros or Caves of El Cogul is a rock shelter containing paintings of prehistoric Levantine rock art and Iberian schematic art. The site is in El Cogul, in the autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain. Since 1998 the paintings have been protected as part of the Rock art of the Iberian Mediterranean Basin, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Inscriptions in Northeastern Iberian script and in Latin alphabet indicate that the place was used as a sanctuary into Iberian and Roman times.
The Castroville Japanese Language School, also known as the Castroville Nihon Gakko, is a historic building located at 11199 Geil St. in Castroville, California that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The W177 Mercedes-Benz A-Class is the fourth and current generation of the A-Class range of subcompact executive hatchbacks and sedans. It was launched in 2018 as the successor to the W176 A-Class, with sales commencing in March 2018. The available bodystyles include:
The Yamaha R-MAX is a Japanese unmanned helicopter developed by the Yamaha Motor Company in the 1990s. The gasoline-powered aircraft has a two-bladed rotor and is remote-controlled by a line-of-sight user. It was designed primarily for agricultural use, and is capable of precise aerial spraying of crops. The R-MAX has been used in Japan and abroad for agriculture and a variety of other roles, including aerial surveys, reconnaissance, disaster response and technology development.
Coulterville is a village in Randolph County, Illinois, United States. The population was 945 at the 2010 census.
St Maurice’s Church, Winchester was a parish church in the Church of England in Winchester, Hampshire.
Dolní Dunajovice is a village in Beclav District of the South Moravian Region in the Czech Republic. It is located about 7 km northwest of Mikulov. The municipality has a population of 1,693.
Sidon's Sea Castle was built by the crusaders in the thirteenth century as a fortress of the holy land. It is one of the most prominent historical sites in the port city of Sidon, Lebanon.
Brendan Dugan is a New Zealand musician.
Adela Elena Popescu is a Romanian actress and singer.
Mardin Airport is an airport in Mardin, Turkey, located in Kzltepe, 20 kilometres southeast from Mardin.
Central Presbyterian Church is a historic church at 402 N. College in Waxahachie, Texas.
Mount Shasta is a city in Siskiyou County, California, at about 3,600 feet above sea level on the flanks of Mount Shasta, a prominent northern California landmark. The city is less than 9 miles southwest of the summit of its namesake volcano. As of the 2010 Census the city had a population of 3,394, down from 3,624 at the 2000 census.
Mount Royal is situated at the southern end of the Mount Royal Range in the Barrington Tops region of eastern Australia. It is part of the World Heritage Gondwana Rainforests of Australia.
Mount Lavinia is a suburb in Colombo, Sri Lanka located within the administrative boundaries of the Dehiwala-Mount Lavinia municipal limits.
"Wouter ""Wally"" De Backer, better known as Gotye, is a Belgian-Australian multi-instrumental musician and singer-songwriter.
SS Lake Illawarra was a handysize bulk carrier of 7,274 tons in the service of the Australian National Line shipping company. This ship is known for causing the Tasman Bridge disaster when she collided with pylon 19 of Hobart's giant high concrete arch style Tasman Bridge on the evening of 5 January 1975 at 9.27 pm, resulting in the deaths of 12 people.
"The Hadrosaurus foulkii Leidy Site is a historic archaeological site in Haddonfield, Camden County, New Jersey. Now set in state-owned parkland, it is where the first relatively complete set of dinosaur bones were discovered in 1838, and then fully excavated by William Parker Foulke in 1858. The dinosaur was later named Hadrosaurus foulkii by Joseph Leidy. The site, designated a National Historic Landmark in 1994, is now a small park known as ""Hadrosaurus Park"" and is accessed at the eastern end of Maple Avenue in northern Haddonfield."
Shop Angel is a 1932 American pre-Code drama film directed by E. Mason Hopper and starring Marion Shilling, Holmes Herbert and Anthony Bushell.
Red Cedar is a town in Dunn County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,673 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated communities of Cedar Falls and Rusk are located in the town.
The LNER Class V2 2-6-2 steam locomotive, number 4771 Green Arrow was built in June 1936 for the London and North Eastern Railway at Doncaster Works to a design of Nigel Gresley. The first-built and sole surviving member of its class, it was designed for hauling express freight and passenger trains and named after an express freight service.
Hendrik Bonmann is a German professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for 1860 Munich.
Qazvin Province is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Qazvin.
Mueang Kamphaeng Phet is the capital district of Kamphaeng Phet Province, central Thailand.
Erik Homburger Erikson was a German-American developmental psychologist and psychoanalyst known for his theory on psychological development of human beings. He may be most famous for coining the phrase identity crisis. His son, Kai T. Erikson, is a noted American sociologist.
Paul Allan Offit is an American pediatrician specializing in infectious diseases, vaccines, immunology, and virology. He is the co-inventor of a rotavirus vaccine. Offit is the Maurice R. Hilleman Professor of Vaccinology, Professor of Pediatrics at the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, Former Chief of the Division of Infectious Diseases, and the Director of the Vaccine Education Center at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. He has been a member of the Centers for Disease Control Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices. Offit is a Board Member of Every Child By Two and a Founding Board Member of the Autism Science Foundation.
Diana Luna is a professional golfer from Italy.
Baraqueville is a commune in the Aveyron department in the Occitanie region of southern France.
On 28 July 2011, Asiana Airlines Flight 991, a Boeing 747-400F cargo aircraft on a flight from Seoul, South Korea, to Shanghai, China, crashed into the sea off Jeju Island after suffering a main deck fire. Both pilots, the only two people on board, were killed.
Hydrogyn is an American indie hard rock band from Ashland, Kentucky. The band was formed in 2004 by guitarists Jeff Westlake and Jeff Boggs and vocalist Julie Westlake. Achieving success with their second album Bombshell, they have released 6 full-length albums.
Gokuraki-ji is a Buddhist temple located in the former Esahi District of what is now the city of Kitakami, in Iwate Prefecture in the far northern Thoku region of Japan, located at the base of the 244 metres Mount Kunimi. The temple belongs to the Shingon sect and its main image is a statue of Amida Nyrai.
Robert P. Aitken Farm House is an Italianate residence in Flint Township, Michigan. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 26, 1982.
Kan Ahk II, also known as Ruler B was the second ruler of that Mayan city in Guatemala. He was a successor of Ruler A. He reigned c. 478.
The Discovery District is one of the commercial districts in Downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It has a high concentration of hospitals and research institutions, particularly those related to biotechnology. The district is roughly bounded by Bloor Street on the north, Bay Street on the east, Dundas Street on the south, and Spadina Avenue on the west.
Cibelle is a visual artist and musician based in London, Berlin and São Paulo. She graduated in 2015 from the Royal College of Art in London. Cibelle has released four music albums and has performed and presented work in venues such as Martin-Gropius-Bau Berlin, Museo Reina Sofia Madrid, ICA London, Carnegie Hall New York, Serpentine Marathon, 28th and 31st São Paulo Biennial among others.
Millwood Colored School, now known as Millwood Community Center, is a historic school building for African-American children located at Boyce, Clarke County, Virginia. It was built about 1910, and is a one-story, hip-roofed school has a two-room plan with coat closets, and a kitchen. The building measures approximately 60 feet long and 30 feet wide. It features a recessed entry, two entrance doors, overhanging eaves with scalloped exposed rafter ends, double-hung windows with wooden tracery, five-panel doors, and sits on a limestone foundation. It was used as an elementary school until 1952, then sold to the Millwood Good Will Association for use as a community center.
Hemmiken is a municipality of the district of Sissach in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland.
The Annedal Church is a church building in Annedal in Gothenburg, Sweden. Belonging to the Gothenburg Annedal Parish of the Church of Sweden, construction begun in 1908 and the church was opened on Thanksgiving Day, 25 September 1910 by bishop Edvard Herman Rodhe.
Parc Natural Comunal de les Valls del Comapedrosa is a protected national park in the western portion of Andorra. It contains the highest point in Andorra, Coma Pedrosa, among other peaks. It is closest to the town of Erts. Established in 2003, it is currently being developed by Ramsar.
Thubten Choekyi Nyima, often referred to as Choekyi Nyima, was the ninth Panchen Lama of Tibet.
The Seminole County Home is a historic site located at 300 Bush Boulevard in Sanford, Florida, United States, North America.
Simone Cantarini or Simone da Pesaro, called il Pesarese was an Italian painter and etcher. He is mainly known for his history paintings and portraits executed in an original style, which united aspects of Bolognese classicism with a bold naturalism.
"Catalino ""Lito"" Salandanan Cuy is a Filipino retired police director and current chairman of the Dangerous Drugs Board under the administration of President Rodrigo Duterte. He assumed the role of acting Secretary of the Interior and Local Government on April 5, 2017 upon the departure of Ismael Sueno who was dismissed by President Duterte following corruption allegations."
Union Township is one of the fourteen townships of Madison County, Ohio, United States. The 2000 census found 1,411 people in the township.
Ryan Charles is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker.
Kaghsi is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.
Mangalagiri railway station, is a D-category station in Guntur railway division of Indian Railways. It provides rail connectivity to Mangalagiri and is situated on Guntur-Krishna Canal section of South Central Railway zone. It was awarded as tourist friendly station by Andhra Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation.
Fritz Klimsch was a German sculptor, and the younger brother of the painter Paul Klimsch. He was one of the famous artists in the era of Weimar republic.
Hillside is a township in Union County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the township's population was 21,404, reflecting a decline of 343 from the 21,747 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 703 from the 21,044 counted in the 1990 Census.
Gefyra is a village and a community of the Chalkidona municipality. Before the 2011 local government reform it was part of the municipality of Agios Athanasios, of which it was a municipal district. The 2011 census recorded 3,059 inhabitants in the community. The community of Gefyra covers an area of 29.836 km².
St Michael and St Mary’s Church, Melbourne is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Melbourne, Derbyshire.
The Champlain School is a historic former school building at 809 Pine Street in the South End of Burlington, Vermont. Built in 1909, it is a fine local example of vernacular Richardsonian Romanesque architecture, designed by one of the city's most prominent architects of the period. It was used as a school until the end of 1968, and now houses apartments. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
"Marshall McDonald was an American engineer, geologist, mineralogist, pisciculturist, and fisheries scientist. McDonald served as the commissioner of the United States Commission of Fish and Fisheries from 1888 until his death in 1895. He is best known for his inventions of a number of fish hatching apparatuses and a fish ladder that enabled salmon and other migrating fish species to ascend the rapids of watercourses resulting in an increased spawning ground. McDonald's administration of the U.S. Commission of Fish and Fisheries was notably free of scandal and furthered the ""protection and culture"" of fish species throughout the United States."
Adriano Baffi is a former Italian bicycle road racer. After his career as a rider, he became a team director. He is the son of Italian bicycle racer Pierino Baffi.
Lalla Khedidja or, is a mountain in Algeria. At 2,308 metres, it is the highest summit of the Djurdjura Range, a subrange of the Tell Atlas.
In molecular biology, 3,4-dihydroxy-2-butanone 4-phosphate synthase EC 4.1.99.12 is an enzyme which catalyses the conversion of D-ribulose 5-phosphate to formate and 3,4-dihydroxy-2-butanone 4-phosphate, the latter serving as the biosynthetic precursor for the xylene ring of riboflavin. In Photobacterium leiognathi, the riboflavin synthesis genes ribB, ribE, ribH and ribA all reside in the lux operon. RibB is sometimes found as a bifunctional enzyme with GTP cyclohydrolase II that catalyses the first committed step in the biosynthesis of riboflavin. No sequences with significant homology to DHBP synthase are found in the metazoa.
SMS Leitha or Lajta Monitor Museumship was the first river monitor in Europe and the oldest and also the only remaining, fully restored warship of the Austro-Hungarian Navy.
Beechwood Village is a home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States. The city was formally incorporated by the state assembly in 1950. The population was 1,324 at the 2010 census, up from 1,173 at the 2000 census.
Elk was a stern-wheel driven steamboat built on the Willamette River in 1857 at Canemah, Oregon. This steamboat is chiefly remembered for its destruction by a boiler explosion in which by good fortune no one was seriously hurt. A folklore tale later arose about this disaster.
"Carl ""Calle"" Oscar Westergren was a Swedish wrestler who competed in the 1920, 1924, 1928, and 1932 Summer Olympics. He won gold medals in Greco-Roman wrestling in 1920, 1924 and 1932; in 1924 he also finished sixth in freestyle wrestling.
Fincastle is a town in Botetourt County, Virginia, United States. The population was 353 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Botetourt County.
Emil Haussmann was a German SS functionary during the Nazi era. He was part of Einsatzkommando 12 of Einsatzgruppe D, which perpetrated the Holocaust in occupied Ukraine. Haussmann was charged with crimes against humanity in 1947 in the Einsatzgruppen Trial. He committed suicide while in prison.
Komprachcice is a village in Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Komprachcice. It lies approximately 9 km south-west of the regional capital Opole.
Malanje is a province of Angola. It has an area of 97,602 km² and a 2014 census population of 986,363. Malanje is the capital of the province.
The Galindo-Leigh House is a historic house in Campbell, California. It was built in the 1830s for Juan Crisostobal Galindo, who became the Major Domo of the Mission Santa Clara a decade later. Galindo expanded the house in the 1840s. It was purchased by John D. Gueraz in 1857, and by Delicia Leigh, in 1874. Leigh was an aristocrat whose father, Alexander Leigh, who was a surgeon, had treated Napoleon. The property has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since August 22, 1980.
Danielle Keats Citron is a Professor of Law at Boston University Law School where she teaches and writes about privacy, free speech, and civil procedure. Prior to joining BU Law, she was the Morton & Sophia Macht Professor of Law at the University of Maryland Francis King Carey School of Law. Her work focuses on information privacy, free expression, and civil rights. Citron is the author of Hate Crimes in Cyberspace.
The yellowfin madtom is a species of fish in the family Ictaluridae endemic to the southeastern United States. Historically, the yellowfin madtom was widespread throughout the upper Tennessee River drainage, but was thought to be extinct by the time it was formally described.
The Mountain Fork Bridge is a historic bridge in rural Polk County, Arkansas. It carries County Road 38 across Mountain Fork Creek north of Hatfield and southwest of Mena. The bridge consists of two spans of steel Pratt pony trusses, with a total length of 406 feet, including approach spans. The trusses are set on piers consisting of steel rings filled with concrete; each of these spans is 80 feet long. The bridge's construction date and builder are unknown; it predates the standardization of bridge designs in the state in 1923. It is estimated to date to the early 1900s.
The Arrows A8 was a Formula One car, designed by Dave Wass, which the Arrows team used to compete in the 1985 and 1986 Formula One seasons. Powered by the BMW M12 turbocharged engine, its best finish was when Thierry Boutsen drove it to second place at the 1985 San Marino Grand Prix.
Mason Township is one of the fourteen townships of Lawrence County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 1,116.
Czorsztyn is a village in Poland, in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, Nowy Targ County. The village lies in Pieniny, the mountain range on the current Polish-Slovak border. It is famous for the ruins of a 14th-17th-century castle, which was the scene of the Kostka-Napierski Uprising in 1651.
Saint-Baudille-et-Pipet is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Patrick Fischer is a Swiss ice hockey coach and former professional ice hockey forward who played briefly in the National Hockey League with the Arizona Coyotes. He predominately played in his native country in the National League A. He is currently the head coach of the Swiss national team.
Estadio Centenario is a multi-use stadium in Resistencia, Argentina. It is used mostly for football matches, but also for rugby union, and hosts the homes matches of Sarmiento de Resistencia. The stadium was designed with a capacity of 25,000 spectators.
Suriname-Rivier is a lightvessel permanently berthed in a wet dock in the Fort Nieuw-Amsterdam Open-Air Museum in Nieuw-Amsterdam, Commewijne, Suriname.
The Sony Ericsson Xperia pro is an Android smartphone from Sony Ericsson which was launched in October 2011. The Xperia Pro has a 3.7-inch capacitive touch-screen, slider keyboard, smart phone with mobile BRAVIA engine which optimises the picture and runs at a resolution of 854×480 pixels, a 1 GHz Snapdragon processor, an 8.1 mega-pixel camera, a dedicated Two-step camera key, USB host port, HDMI-out, 512 MB of onboard RAM, and an 8 GB microSD card. The Sony Ericsson Xperia Pro is available in black, silver, or red.
Hakjeong Station is a station of the Daegu Metro Line 3 in Hakjeong-dong, Buk District, Daegu, South Korea.
"Jerry Alan Fodor was an American philosopher and cognitive scientist. He held the position of State of New Jersey Professor of Philosophy, Emeritus, at Rutgers University and was the author of many works in the fields of philosophy of mind and cognitive science, in which he laid the groundwork for the modularity of mind and the language of thought hypotheses, among other ideas. He was known for his provocative and sometimes polemical style of argumentation and as ""one of the principal philosophers of mind of the late twentieth and early twenty-first century. In addition to having exerted an enormous influence on virtually every portion of the philosophy of mind literature since 1960, Fodor's work has had a significant impact on the development of the cognitive sciences.""
The Juan Antonio Sotillo Municipality is one of the 21 municipalities that makes up the eastern Venezuelan state of Anzoátegui and, according to the 2011 census by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela, the municipality has a population of 244,728. The town of Puerto La Cruz is the shire town of the Juan Antonio Sotillo Municipality. The municipality is named for the nineteenth century Venezuelan military leader Juan Antonio Sotillo.
The Battle of Hondschoote took place during the Flanders Campaign of the Campaign of 1793 in the French Revolutionary Wars. It was fought during operations surrounding the Siege of Dunkirk between 6 and 8 September 1793 at Hondschoote, Nord, France, and resulted in a French victory under General Jean Nicolas Houchard and General Jean-Baptiste Jourdan against the command of Marshal Freytag, part of the Anglo-Hanoverian corps of the Duke of York.
Kaufland is a German hypermarket chain, part of the Schwarz Gruppe which also owns Lidl. The hypermarket directly translates to English as 'buy-land'. It opened its first store in 1984 in Neckarsulm and quickly expanded to become a leader in what was formerly East Germany. The chain operates over 1,200 stores in Germany, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Poland, Romania, Bulgaria, Croatia and Moldova. On 22 January 2020, Kaufland announced that it had dropped its plans to open stores in Australia.
Irina Zaretska is a Ukrainian and Azerbaijani karateka. She is the 2018 world champion in the women's kumite 68 kg event at the 2018 World Karate Championships held in Madrid, Spain.
Pazos de Borbén is a municipality in Galicia, Spain in the province of Pontevedra.
Brives-Charensac is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
MS Star Pisces is a cruise ship, owned by Star Cruises and does short cruises from Hong Kong. She was originally built as the cruiseferry MS Kalypso in 1990 at Masa-Yards Turku New Shipyard, Finland for Rederi AB Slite for use in Viking Line traffic. The ship was designed by Per Dockson.
The Tintic Smelter Site, located off U.S. Route 6 near Eureka, Utah, United States, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Bank of French Broad, also known as the Robert Building, is a historic bank building located at Marshall, Madison County, North Carolina. The Bank of French Broad and adjacent Robert Building were designed by noted Asheville architect James J. Baldwin and built in 1922–1923. They are two- to three-story, Classical Revival style brick buildings. The two buildings were joined into one building in the late 1970s to early 1980s.
The 2007 Belgian Grand Prix was the fourteenth race of the 2007 Formula One season, returning to the F1 calendar after a year's absence. It was held on 16 September at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps, Spa, Belgium.
Marcello Luigi Fiasconaro is an Italian-South African athlete, who set a world record in the 800 m in 1973.
The European Ford Granada is a large executive car manufactured by Ford Europe from 1972 until 1994.
The Orient Hotel is a heritage-listed pub located at 87-89 George Street, in the inner city Sydney suburb of The Rocks in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. It was built from 1843 to 1844. The property is owned by Property NSW, an agency of the Government of New South Wales. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 10 May 2002.
Paul Leonard Newman was an American actor. He was born in Shaker Heights, Ohio. His mother was a Slovak; his father was a Jew who had one parent from Hungary and the other from Poland. Although Paul Newman was not a Jew by Orthodox Jewish standards he considered himself Jewish and would have been accepted as one by other Jewish movements.
Kirkland Township is one of twelve townships in Adams County, Indiana. As of the 2010 census, its population was 929.
AMN082 is a selective metabotropic glutamate receptor 7 allosteric agonist. It mimics the effect of glutamate. AMN082 is the first selective mGluR7 agonist and has expanded the potential array of research opportunities on the effects of mGluR7 in the CNS.
Cockburn is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Western Australia.
The yellow-billed blue magpie or gold-billed magpie is a passerine bird in the crow and jay family, Corvidae. It forms a superspecies with the Taiwan blue magpie and the red-billed blue magpie. The species ranges across the northern parts of the Indian Subcontinent including the lower Himalayas, with a disjunct population in Vietnam.
Spokane–Coeur d'Alene combined statistical area, officially the Spokane–Spokane Valley–Coeur d'Alene, WA–ID CSA as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is a combined statistical area that comprises the Spokane metropolitan area and the Coeur d'Alene metropolitan area. The population was 721,928 as of 2017. It is the 72nd largest Combined Statistical Area in the United States, and is the economic and cultural center of the Inland Northwest. The CSA is Anchored by Spokane and its largest satellite, Coeur d'Alene, which are separated by suburbs that largely follow the path of the Spokane Valley and Rathdrum Prairie.
The Jog is a scooter produced by the Yamaha Motor Company since 1983, and was introduced in North America in 1986. It continued production in North America after 3 style changes and model designations until 2001. The Jog has continued production elsewhere in the world and uses the current CV50 designation.
The Pontiac Star Chief is an automobile model which was manufactured by Pontiac between 1954 and 1966. It was Pontiac's top trim package on the Pontiac Chieftain, with later generations built on longer wheelbases, and serving as the foundation platform for the Pontiac Bonneville. The car was easily identified by its chrome star trim along its sides, a feature all Star Chiefs were equipped with.
The Acropolium, also known as Saint Louis Cathedral, is a Roman Catholic church located in Carthage, Tunisia.
"Lido Anthony ""Lee"" Iacocca was an American automobile executive best known for the development of Ford Mustang and Pinto cars, while at the Ford Motor Company in the 1960s, and for reviving the Chrysler Corporation as its CEO during the 1980s. He was president and CEO of Chrysler from 1978 and chairman from 1979, until his retirement at the end of 1992. He was one of the few executives to preside over the operations of two of the Big Three automakers.
Svetly, prior to 1945 known by its German name Zimmerbude, is a town in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the Samland Peninsula on the coast of Vistula Lagoon, 30 kilometers west of Kaliningrad. Population figures: 21,375; 21,745; 19,936.
Heraclea Sintica, Heracleia Sintica,   in Bulgarian or Herakleia Sintike, or Heraclea ex Sintiis, also known as Heraclea Strymonus or Herakleia Strymonos, 'Heraclea on the Strymon river', was an ancient Greek polis built by Philip II of Macedon. It was located in Thracian lands of the Ancient kingdom of Macedon, in the region of Sintice, on the right bank of the Strymon river. It was connected with Philippi by the Roman road that passed round the north side of the lake, at a distance of 55 M.P., and by that which passed on the south side, at a distance of 52 M.P.
Roe Island Lighthouse was a lighthouse on Roe Island on the east end of Suisun Bay, California.
Campagnolles is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.
Kelly Paul Oubre Jr. is an American professional basketball player for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association. Oubre played one season of college basketball for the University of Kansas before being selected by the Atlanta Hawks with the 15th overall pick in the 2015 NBA draft.
The Olza is a river in Poland and the Czech Republic, a right tributary of the River Oder. It flows from the Silesian Beskids mountains through southern Cieszyn Silesia in Poland and the Frýdek-Místek and Karviná districts of the Czech Republic, often forming the border with Poland. It flows into the Oder River north of Bohumín. The Olza-Oder confluence also forms a part of the border.
The Victims of Acts of Terror Memorial in Israel is a monument to civilian Jewish and non-Jewish victims of terrorism in modern Israel and the pre-state Land of Israel, from 1851 to the present. The memorial was established in 1998 in the National Civil Cemetery of the State of Israel on Mount Herzl, Jerusalem. At the same time, Yom Hazikaron, Israel's Remembrance Day, was officially renamed the Remembrance Day for Fallen Soldiers and Victims of Terror.
Stones River Town Centre is a partially enclosed regional shopping mall in Murfreesboro, Tennessee, United States. Built in 1992, it was expanded and renovated in the late 2000s. The mall comprises more than fifty stores, including Dillard's, JCPenney, Books-A-Million and Electronic Express as anchor stores. The mall is owned and managed by Sterling Organization.
"Bonda is a typical South Indian snack that has various sweet and spicy versions in different regions. Most common of which is ""Aloo Bonda"", and other region specific variations including potato replaced with sweet potato, tapioca, grated pineapple, green peas, etc."
The Zarzuela Palace is the residence and working offices of the reigning monarch of Spain, although the official residence of the Spanish Royal Family is the Royal Palace of Madrid. The Zarzuela Palace is on the outskirts of Madrid, near the Royal Palace of El Pardo, which accommodates visiting heads of state. The palace is owned by the Spanish government and administered by a state agency named Patrimonio Nacional.
Sussex Place is a residential facility in Regent's Park, London. It is the home of the London Business School. It is a Grade I listed building.
São Sepé is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
Johnson Peak is the highest mountain, in Tuolumne Meadows, Yosemite National Park.
The Reppisch is a river in Switzerland. It rises in the Türlersee and joins the Limmat as its tributary, near the town of Dietikon. The Reppisch flows in the Säuliamt, canton of Zürich, an area featuring still partially untouched nature.
The Surenen Pass is a high mountain pass across the Urner Alps in the canton of Uri in Central Switzerland. The pass crosses the col between the Blackenstock and the Eggenmanndli peaks, at an elevation of 2,292 m.
"Ferenc Joachim was a Hungarian painter of portraits and landscapes in oil, watercolors and pastels on canvas, board and paper. He studied and painted in Budapest and Western Europe. As an untitled member of the minor nobility, Joachim was entitled to bear the honorary prefix Csejtei, so prior to the Communist abolition of honorifics in 1947 his name might be found in the form ""Csejtei Joachim Ferenc"" in Hungarian, or in German ""Franz Joachim von Csejthey""."
The Pará Falls are large waterfalls on the Caura River in Bolívar, Venezuela.
Oregon County is a county located in the southern portion of the U.S. state of Missouri. As of the 2010 census, the population was 10,881. Its county seat is Alton. The county was officially organized on February 14, 1845, and was named for the Oregon Territory in the northwestern United States.
The Texas blind salamander is a rare cave-dwelling troglobite amphibian native to San Marcos, Hays County, Texas, specifically the San Marcos Pool of the Edwards Aquifer. The salamander has blood-red external gills for absorbing oxygen from the water. The salamander's mature length is 13 cm. Its diet varies by what flows into its cave, including blind shrimp, snails, and amphipods.
Wolfgang W.E. Samuel is a German-born American author and a veteran of the United States Air Force.
Chicken is the most common type of poultry in the world. Owing to the relative ease and low cost of raising them in comparison to animals such as cattle or hogs, chickens have become prevalent throughout the cuisine of cultures around the world, and their meat has been variously adapted to regional tastes.
Ilya Kaznadey is a Belarusian ice hockey player who is currently playing for HK Neman Grodno of the.
The Forest Park Historic District is a nationally recognized historic district located in Mason City, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2015. At the time of its nomination it contained 403 resources, which included 291 contributing buildings, of which 201 are houses and 90 are garages, and 112 non-contributing buildings. The historic district is a residential area located to the west of the central business district. It was platted between 1912 and 1916. Initial development in the 1910s was slow, but from the 1920s into the early 1940s, development was steady. It dropped off again after World War II as most of the lots had been developed by then. The houses range in height from one to 2½-stories. Those on Crescent, Linden, and Beaumont are larger in scale, while the rest are more modest in size. The foundations are generally brick or tile and the exteriors are clad in wood, with a few clad in brick. Architectural styles that were popular from early to mid-20th century are represented. The most popular include Prairie School, American Craftsman, Tudor Revival, Colonial Revival, and Modern.
Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender persons in the U.S. state of South Dakota may face some legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents. Same-sex sexual activity is legal in South Dakota, and same-sex marriages have been recognized since June 2015 as a result of Obergefell v. Hodges. State statutes do not address discrimination on account of sexual orientation or gender identity; however, the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling in Bostock v. Clayton County established that employment discrimination against LGBT people is illegal.
Mane is a commune in Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
"The Battle of Tempe Gorge, also known as the Battle of Pinios Gorge, was a rearguard action fought by Australian and New Zealand troops during the German invasion of Greece on 18 April 1941. The battle was fought amidst the advance of German forces through central Greece, and saw a brigade-sized element dubbed ""Anzac Force"" fight a delaying action against elements of two German divisions, supported by armoured forces. During a day of hard fighting, the defending Anzacs suffered heavy casualties and were forced back from the gorge, but their stand allowed other Allied forces to withdraw through Larissa, and afterwards a new defensive position was established around Thermopylae."
The Nantes tramway is a tramway system operating in the city of Nantes in Pays de la Loire, France. The first tramway in Nantes opened in 1879 and closed in 1958 due to bombing damage during World War II, while the present tramway was re-introduced to the city in 1985.
The South African Railways Class 16 4-6-2 of 1914 was a steam locomotive.
Servanches is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Francisco Oller was a Puerto Rican visual artist. Oller is the only Latin American painter to have played a role in the development of Impressionism. One of the most distinguished transatlantic painters of his day, Oller helped transform painting in the Caribbean.
Tiffauges is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Vendée department in the west of France. Gilles de Rais had his castle here.
Cecilius Calvert, 2nd Baron Baltimore, was a member of the English nobility who started the colony of Maryland in the British colonies. He was the first Proprietary Governor of the Province of Maryland. Before that, he was the ninth Proprietary Governor of the Colony of Newfoundland. His father was George Calvert, 1st Baron Baltimore. George Calvert was chosen to be the proprietary governor of both Maryland and Newfoundland, but he died before he could take the position.
The Talbot County class of tank landing ships was a two-ship class of ships of the United States Navy. They were the only steam-powered LSTs built.
Princess Adelgunde of Bavaria was a daughter of Ludwig I of Bavaria and Therese of Saxe-Hildburghausen. She was Duchess consort of Modena by her marriage to Francis V, Duke of Modena.
The Great Western Railway County Class were a class of 4-4-0 steam locomotives for express passenger train work introduced in 1904 in a batch of ten. Two more batches followed in 1906 and 1912 with minor differences. They were designed by George Jackson Churchward, who used standard components to produce a four-coupled version of his Saint Class 4-6-0s.
The Bongo is a nocturnal antelope. It has two subspecies: the western or lowland bongo, and the eastern or mountain bongo. The western bongo is near threatened and the mountain bongo is critically endangered. Bongos eat plants. They live in forests in Africa. Kenya is the only place eastern bongos live in the wild. Like the west African giraffe, the eastern or mountain bongo is one of the most threatened animals in Africa. Bongos live in both captivity and the wild.
The Amounderness Hundred is one of the six subdivisions of the historic county of Lancashire in North West England, but the name is older than the system of hundreds first recorded in the 13th century and might best be described as the name of a Norse wapentake. In the Domesday Book, it was used for some territories north of the River Ribble included together with parts of Yorkshire. The area eventually became part of Lancashire, sitting geographically between the Rivers Lune and Ribble, in the strip of coast between the Irish Sea and Bowland Forest.
Trachinotinae is a subfamily of the family Carangidae, the jacks and pompanos.
The 1963 UK & Ireland Greyhound Racing Year was the 37th year of greyhound racing in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Pjetër Budi, writer of early Albanian literature, known in Italian as Pietro Budi, was an Albanian bishop of Sapë and the author of four religious works in Albanian.
Eptatretus minor is a bathydemersal and non-migratory hagfish of the genus Eptatretus. It is found in the deep waters of the northern area of the Gulf of Mexico between Louisiana and Florida, at depths between 300 and 470 m. This hagfish is a relatively short and stout species, reaching a maximum length of nearly 40 cm.
The Siege of Meaux was fought in 1421-1422 between the English and the French during the Hundred Years' War. The English were led by King Henry V. Henry became ill while fighting this long battle, which took place during the winter months. He died on 31 August as a result.
Charlie Cunningham is a English singer-songwriter and guitarist from Buckinghamshire, England. He has released two studio albums, Lines and Permanent Way.
Raghunath Mohapatra Rajya Sabha MP is an architect and sculptor from Odisha state in India. He was awarded Padma Shri in 1975 and Padma Bhushan in 2001. He was awarded Padma Vibhushan in 2013 on occasion of 64th Republic Day of India.
Uder is a municipality in the district of Eichsfeld in Thuringia, Germany.
Muckleneuk is a neighborhood located southeast of Pretoria, South Africa.
Schenley is an unincorporated community in Gilpin Township, Armstrong County, Pennsylvania, United States. Pennsylvania Route 2062 is the main and only highway into the community. Schenley is bordered by the Allegheny River and the Kiskiminetas River. The town is the site of a large industrial park along the Allegheny River that contains many abandoned buildings that formerly comprised whiskey producer Schenley Distillery. One of the main businesses in the community is the Kiski Junction Railroad, which provides freight service and offers rides to tourists.
Horka I is a village and municipality in Kutná Hora District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Ksicy Las is a village in the administrative district of Gmina wiciechowa, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
The pterygomandibular space is a fascial space of the head and neck. It is a potential space in the head and is paired on each side. It is located between the medial pterygoid muscle and the medial surface of the ramus of the mandible. The pterygomandibular space is one of the four compartments of the masticator space.
Retroviral integrase is an enzyme produced by a retrovirus that integrates—forms covalent links between—its DNA into that of the host cell it infects. Retroviral INs are not to be confused with phage integrases, such as  phage integrase, as discussed in site-specific recombination.
"Aphanomyces is a genus of water moulds. As of 2003 there were about 45 described species. Many of these water moulds are known as economically important pathogens of species of plants and animals, including fish, crustaceans, and agricultural crop plants. Aphanomyces water moulds are ""one of the most important yield-limiting factors in production of legumes and sugarbeet.""
Gibraltar is a town in Door County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,021 at the 2010 census. The unincorporated communities of Fish Creek and Juddville are located in the town.
Villamblard is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Nieulle-sur-Seudre is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Gongfu Xincun is a station on Shanghai Metro Line 1. This station is part of the northern extension of Line 1 from Shanghai Railway Station that opened on 28 December 2004, and from then served as the northern terminus of line 1 until the extension to Fujin Road opened on 29 December 2007.
Saikhan-Ovoo is a sum in central Mongolia. The sum center is on the single perennial river of Dundgovi Province, the Ongi gol. It is the tenth longest river in Mongolia with an overall length of 435 km.
Teteven is a town on the banks of the Vit river, at the foot of Stara Planina mountain in north central Bulgaria. It is the administrative centre of the Teteven Municipality which is a part of Lovech Province. As of December 2010, the town had a population of 10,733 inhabitants.
Mahazedi Pagoda is a prominent Buddhist pagoda in Bago, Myanmar.
The 1942 Farmers and Mechanics Savings Bank building in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, is a former bank building that is now the home of a Westin Hotel. The building is an example of the Streamline Moderne phase of the Art Deco movement and is notable for its bold relief sculptures of a farmer and a mechanic framing the main entrance. The sculptures were designed by Warren T. Mosman, who headed the sculpture department at the Minneapolis Institute of Arts. The structure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
Nathan Palmer Jr. is a former American football linebacker. He played college football at Illinois State. Palmer was selected by the Green Bay Packers in the sixth round of the 2013 NFL Draft.
Prestwich is a suburban town in the Metropolitan Borough of Bury, Greater Manchester, England, 3.3 miles north of Manchester city centre, 3.1 miles north of Salford and 4.7 miles south of Bury.
"Robert ""Rob"" Daum is a Canadian ice hockey coach. He is currently the head coach for the Iserlohn Roosters of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga."
The 75th Oregon Legislative Assembly convened beginning on January 12, 2009, for its biennial regular session. All of the 60 seats in the House of Representatives and half of the 30 seats in the State Senate were up for election in 2008; the general election for those seats took place on November 4.
Ponte Galeria is the 51st zona of Rome, Italy, identified by the initials Z. XLI. Geographically it was part of Agro Romano. The zone belongs to the Municipio XI.
Voisins-le-Bretonneux is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France. It is located in the south-western suburbs of Paris 24.1 km from the center in the new town of Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines.
Braškov is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Jussy is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France. The inhabitants are called Jussiens.
Metroid is an action-adventure video game made by Nintendo. It was first released in Japan on the Famicom Disk System on August 6, 1986. In 1987 and 1988, it was released in Europe and North America on the Nintendo Entertainment System. Years later, it was released for the Wii.
Fort d'Issy was one of the fortifications of the city of Paris, France, built between 1841 and 1845.
Melghat was declared a tiger reserve and was among the first nine tiger reserves notified in 1973-74 under the Project Tiger. It is located at 21°2645N 77°1150E in northern part of Amravati District of Maharashtra State in India. The Tapti River and the Gawilgadh ridge of the Satpura Range form the boundaries of the reserve.
Youth Theatre is a theatre in Novi Sad, the capital of Vojvodina in Serbia. Youth Theatre has two stages: the children's stage and the evening stage. Its ensemble consists of sixteen permanent characters.
Mine Station is a train station in the small town of Mine, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan.
Niamh Ní Charra is an Irish fiddler, concertina player and singer from Killarney, Ireland.
"JEDMICS is the ""Joint Engineering Data Management Information and Control System” is a Department of Defense initiative for the management and control of engineering drawings and related text in a standard repository. JEDMICS has been designed as an open, client-server architecture which provides the user with the ability to locate and obtain approved engineering drawings. The system provides input services via electronic file transfer, quality assurance review of the drawings, selective retrieval of data using a relational database with built-in business rules, and digital output services."
The Shire of Mulgrave was a local government area surrounding the City of Cairns in the Far North region of Queensland. The shire, administered from Cairns, covered an area of 1,718.3 square kilometres, and existed as a local government entity from 1879 until 1995, when it was dissolved and amalgamated into the City of Cairns.
The Surety Building in Muskogee, Oklahoma is an eight story skyscraper built for the Southern Surety Company in 1910.
Newport is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, in the United States. The population was 1,511 at the 2000 census. The town is referred to by the United States Postal Service and the media as Newport Center, the name of the main settlement of the town.
Trevose Head Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Trevose Head on the north Cornish coast at grid reference SW850766 lying to the WSW of Padstow and was sited here as there was previously no light from Land's End to Lundy and it would be visible from Cape Cornwall to Hartland Point.
Akitsushima was a protected cruiser of the Imperial Japanese Navy, designed and built by the Yokosuka Naval Arsenal in Japan. The name Akitsushima comes from an archaic name for Japan, as used in the ancient chronicle Kojiki.
Butera is an Italian town and a comune in the province of Caltanissetta, in the southern part of the island of Sicily. It is bounded by the comuni of Gela, Licata, Mazzarino, Ravanusa and Riesi. It has a population of 4,653 and is 49 km from Caltanissetta, the province's capital.
New Miami is a village in St. Clair Township, located in central Butler County in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 2,249 at the 2010 census.
"Maureen Reillette ""Rebbie"" Jackson-Brown is an American singer. Born and raised in Gary, Indiana, she is the eldest child of the Jackson family of musicians. She first performed on stage with her siblings during shows in Las Vegas, Nevada, at the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino in 1974, before subsequently appearing in the television series The Jacksons. Her sister La Toya was born on her sixth birthday. At age 34, Jackson released her debut album Centipede. The album featured songs written by Smokey Robinson, Prince, and Jackson's younger brother Michael, whose contribution became Rebbie's most successful single release. By the end of the 1980s, the singer had released two more albums in quick succession: Reaction and R U Tuff Enuff.
Colonial Lake is a 25-acre man-made lake along the Shabakunk Creek in Lawrence Township, Mercer County, New Jersey, United States. It is located on Business Route 1 across from the Lawrence Shopping Center. The lake was created when an earthen dam was constructed across the Shabakunk in 1924 by local housing developers interested in providing recreation opportunities for a nearby development, which became known as Colonial Lakelands. The lake is currently the centerpiece of Lawrence Township's Colonial Lake Park.
"Shimo-Gion Station is a JR West Kabe Line station located in Gion, Asaminami-ku, Hiroshima, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan. The station name on the building uses an older kanji for the ""gi"", but in most current publications it is listed as  or ."
Žydrnas Savickas is a Lithuanian powerlifter and professional strongman. He is the only modern competitor to have won every major strongman competition,
Inju is a village in Vinni Parish, Lääne-Viru County, Estonia. It is 4 km south west of Pajusti and 12 km south of Rakvere.
The Commander of the Defence Forces is Chief of the Estonian Defence Forces and the national defence organisations.
The Uzbekistan Railways are the national rail carrier of Uzbekistan. The company owns and operates all railways within the country. It is a state-owned stock company, formed in 1994 to operate railways within Uzbekistan. As of March 2017, the total length of its main railway network is 4,669 km. It employs 54,700 people.
Euline Brock Downtown Denton Transit Center is a multimodal transit center that provides DCTA bus and A-train commuter rail connections in Denton, Texas. It is east of the Denton County Courthouse-on-the-Square and is the northern terminus of the A-train. In 2013, the station was renamed to honor Euline Brock, former mayor of Denton from 2000 to 2006.
The Tartessian language is the extinct Paleo-Hispanic language of inscriptions in the Southwestern script found in the southwest of the Iberian Peninsula, mainly in the south of Portugal, and the southwest of Spain. There are 95 such inscriptions, the longest having 82 readable signs. Around one third of them were found in Early Iron Age necropolises or other Iron Age burial sites associated with rich complex burials. It is usual to date them to the 7th century BC and to consider the southwestern script to be the most ancient Paleo-Hispanic script, with characters most closely resembling specific Phoenician letter forms found in inscriptions dated to c. 825 BC. Five of the inscriptions occur on stelae with what has been interpreted as Late Bronze Age carved warrior gear from the Urnfield culture.
Krasnoye Sormovo Shipyard No. 112 named after Andrei Zhdanov is one of the oldest shipbuilding factories in Russia, located in the
Coleshill is a town in Warwickshire, England. It is named after the River Cole, which flows through the town. It is about 10.0 miles east of Birmingham and about 10.4 miles northwest of Coventry. In 2011, 6,481 people lived there.
Bethel Marthoma Church is a Malankara Marthoma church located at Chengara, Pathanamthitta, Kerala, India. Mar Thoma Church is part of Malankara Church, still fully independent, without being part of any other Churches. Bethel Marthoma Church belongs to the Ranni Nilackal Diocese of Malankara Mar Thoma Syrian Church.
"Michael Alfio ""Mick"" Pennisi is a Filipino-Australian retired professional basketball player. He last played for the GlobalPort Batang Pier of the Philippine Basketball Association. He was automatically hired by Red Bull in 2000. He was then traded to San Miguel for future draft picks."
Herbert Dreiseitl is a sculptor, artist, landscape architect and interdisciplinary urban planner. He founded the firm Atelier Dreiseitl in 1980 with a vision for liveable cities inspired by a deep understanding of water. Today Herbert has his own practice, DREISEITLconsulting, to advice cities and regions and is teaching at NUS in Singapore.
Huang Tu-shui was a pioneer of modern sculptor in Taiwan. From his youth, Huang was familiar with the traditional carving of Taiwan, and was influenced by modern Western styles during his studies in Tokyo. These include the works that were included in the Japanese Imperial Exhibition of 1922, such as Mountain Child Playing Flute. He also went by the names Huáng Tshu, Peh-o-j, Ng Thóo-Suí.
Nikolay Sergeevich Goldobin is a Russian professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for CSKA Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League. Goldobin was selected by the San Jose Sharks in the first round of the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.
Nwankwo Kanu OON is a Nigerian former professional footballer who played as a forward. He was a member of the Nigerian national team, and played for Nigerian team Iwuanyanwu Nationale, Dutch side Ajax, Inter Milan of Italy, and English clubs Arsenal, West Bromwich Albion and Portsmouth.
"Timothy Joseph ""T. J."" Cline is an American-Israeli professional basketball player for Basket Brescia Leonessa of the Italian Lega Basket Serie A and EuroCup Basketball. A power forward/center, he played college basketball at the University of Richmond. Cline is the son of Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame player Nancy Lieberman."
Agon Xhevat Mehmeti is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Örebro SK.
Thomas Mignone is an American feature film, commercial, and music video director, and screenwriter. Mignone is best known for directing and writing the dark drama On The Doll, and for directing music videos and live concerts for hard rock and heavy metal artists such as Slipknot, Mudvayne, System Of A Down, Ozzy Osbourne, Suicide Silence, Avenged Sevenfold, Sepultura, Danzig, Cradle of Filth, Type O Negative, Megadeth, American Head Charge, Obituary, Superjoint Ritual, Fear Factory, Soulfly, Kittie, Otep, The Fall of Troy, Dia De Los Muertos, Inquisition, She's Not Dead, Death Angel, Cavalera Conspiracy, Paul D'Amour of TOOL and Killer Be Killed as well as alternative artists The Toadies, Tonic, Seven Mary Three, Sister Hazel, Juliana Hatfield, Miss Derringer, The Dirty Heads featuring vocalist Rome from Sublime, hip hop and rap artists Digable Planets, Kool Keith, Rahsaan Patterson, Gray Joel, and punk artists Concrete Blonde, Mike Watt, Firehose, Greg Ginn, Descendents, and others.
Jonathan Monroe Craig is a Canadian-American singer and songwriter, best known as the former lead vocalist of bands Dance Gavin Dance, Emarosa, and Slaves, as well as the co-lead vocalist of the short-lived supergroup Isles & Glaciers. As a solo artist, he has released two studio albums, two EPs and a live album to date, and his distinct type of soul-based singing has earned him considerable acclaim.
Sd Station is a train station in Shimotsuma, Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan.
Sala Municipality is a municipality in Selonia, Latvia. The municipality was formed in 2009 by merging Sala parish and Slpils parish with the administrative centre being Sala.
Coventry North East is a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament from the 2015 general election by Colleen Fletcher of the Labour Party.
Leandro Greco is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie B club Perugia.
Fox Plaza is a 34-story, 493-foot skyscraper in Century City, Los Angeles, California. It is owned by the Orange County-based Irvine Company.
The album discography of the Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan consists of fourteen studio albums, fourteen compilations, and four EPs. With estimated sales of 100 million of albums worldwide, she is the most successful female Latin crossover artists ever.
The posterior compartment of the forearm contains twelve muscles which are chiefly responsible for extension of the wrist and digits, and supination of the forearm. It is separated from the anterior compartment by the interosseous membrane between the radius and ulna.
Friedrich Ernst Dorn was a German physicist who was the first to discover that a radioactive substance, later named radon, is emitted from radium.
John P. Sommers House is a historic home located at Lancaster in Erie County, New York. It was built in 1906, and is a 2 1/2-story, wood frame Queen Anne style dwelling. It has a hipped roof and center projecting gable. It features a prominent two-story, five sided corner tower and has a single story porch across the front facade.
Pravesh Rana is a male model and Mr. India 2008, and a reality TV show personality. In 2009, he participated as a wild card entry in the reality TV series, Bigg Boss 3
Leroy Springs House, also known as Lancaster City Hall, is a historic home located at Lancaster, Lancaster County, South Carolina. The original section was built in 1820–30. The house was greatly enlarged in the mid-1850s and it took its present appearance in a 1906-07 remodeling. It is a two-story, frame residence. The façade features a two-tiered pedimented portico defined by fluted columns with Doric order-influenced capitals. The building was converted to municipal use as a city hall in 1957.
Hartley House, also known as the Bond-Bates-Hartley House, is a historic home located at Batesburg-Leesville, Lexington County, South Carolina. It was built about 1830, and is a 2 1/2-story, weatherboard dwelling with a two-story portico adapted from the Greek Revival. It has a closed brick foundation and a gable roof. The portico is supported by two square wooden pillars set outside a pair of smaller pillars. According to local tradition, the house served as a stagecoach stop and post office prior to the founding of Batesburg.
"Rochlitz is a major district town in the district of Mittelsachsen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. Rochlitz is the head of the ""borough partnership Rochlitz"" with its other members being the boroughs of Königsfeld, Seelitz und Zettlitz."
The Man of Sorrows is a 1532 painting by the Dutch Golden Age painter Maarten van Heemskerck in the collection of the Museum of Fine Arts, Ghent.
Kungsbacka Municipality is a municipality in Halland County on the Swedish west coast, some 30 km south of Gothenburg. The municipal seat is located in the town Kungsbacka.
Pleasanton is a city in Alameda County, California, incorporated in 1894. It is a suburb in the San Francisco Bay Area located about 25 miles east of Oakland, and 6 miles west of Livermore. The population was 70,285 at the 2010 census. In 2005 and 2007, Pleasanton was ranked the wealthiest middle-sized city in the United States by the Census Bureau. Pleasanton is home to the headquarters of Safeway, Workday, Ellie Mae, Roche Molecular Diagnostics, Blackhawk Network Holdings, and Veeva Systems. Other major employers include Kaiser Permanente, Oracle, Nordstrom and Macy's. Although Oakland is the Alameda County seat, a few county offices are located in Pleasanton. The Alameda County Fairgrounds are located in Pleasanton, where the county fair is held during the last week of June and the first week of July. Pleasanton Ridge Regional Park is located on the west side of town.
Warley Woods is a 100-acre public park in the Warley district of Smethwick, in Sandwell, in the West Midlands of England, originally laid out by Humphry Repton. It has been grade II listed by English Heritage in their Register of Historic Parks and Gardens of special historic interest since September 1994.
The Cambridge Public School and High School is a historic school building constructed in 1905 in Cambridge, Wisconsin.
Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi born 25 November 1941 is a spiritual leader and founder of the spiritual movements RAGS International and Anjuman Serfaroshan-e-Islam.
David Shelley Duncan is an American former professional baseball player. He was a left fielder, designated hitter, and first baseman. Duncan played in Major League Baseball for the New York Yankees, Cleveland Indians, and Tampa Bay Rays. He is currently the Major League Field Coordinator for the Toronto Blue Jays.
Robert Scholz was a German film actor of the silent era. He appeared in 76 films between 1919 and 1928. He was born in Germany and died in Berlin.
Francis Wichmans, in religion Augustinus, was a Premonstratensian spiritual author, missionary, and abbot of Tongerlo Abbey. In the last capacity he sat in the First Estate of the States of Brabant.
Shadwell is a district in East London, England, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. It is located north of Wapping and south of Whitechapel, about 3 miles east of Charing Cross.
Crescent Head is a village on the Tasman Sea coast, 340 km north-northeast of Sydney, in Kempsey Shire, New South Wales, Australia. At the 2011 census, Crescent Head had a population of 1,586 people. Its major industries include tourism and fishing. It has a small golf course overlooking the sea.
"Dilated Peoples is an American hip hop group from Los Angeles, California. They achieved notability in the underground hip hop community, although they have had little mainstream success in the US, with the exception of the song ""This Way"", a 2004 collaboration with Kanye West, Xzibit, Chali 2na and John Legend appearing in the music video. They reached the Top 40 of the UK Singles Chart with two tracks, ""This Way"" and ""Worst Comes to Worst."" Their members include DJ Babu, Evidence and Rakaa. The group also received a publicity spike after their songs were featured in the 2003 video games Need for Speed: Underground and NBA Street Vol. 2."
Shelby Scott Gaille is an American lawyer, petroleum executive, and academic. He is on the faculties of Rice University’s Graduate School of Business and the University of Chicago Law School. Gaille is the author of seven books and an influential figure on the topic of energy law. Having traveled to more than 100 countries, Gaille has built business relationships with a culturally diverse range of partners from around the globe.
Barueri is a Brazilian municipality in the State of São Paulo located in the northwestern part of the Metropolitan Region of São Paulo. The population is 262,275 in an area of 65.70 km².
The Campaign of the Hills was the last campaign of the Paraguayan War, lasting from July 1869 to the end of the war on March 1, 1870. The Paraguayans were completely defeated by the Allies. Brazilian writer Alfredo d'Escragnolle Taunay, Viscount of Taunay took part in the campaign and later wrote about it. At least 5,000 Paraguayans were killed during this campaign.
United Nations Security Council resolution 586, adopted unanimously on 18 July 1986, after recalling previous resolutions on the topic, as well as studying the report by the Secretary-General on the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon approved in 426, the Council decided to extend the mandate of UNIFIL for a further six months until 19 January 1987.
Courcoué is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Ulyanovsky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the twenty-one in Ulyanovsk Oblast, Russia. It is located in the north of the oblast. The area of the district is 1,273 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the urban locality of Isheyevka. Population: 36,669; 58,366; 54,919. The population of Isheyevka accounts for 28.3% of the district's total population.
Snow Island or Isla Nevada is a completely ice-covered island, 16 by 8 kilometres in size, lying 6 kilometres southwest of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands. Surface area 120.4 square kilometres. This island was known to both American and British sealers as early as 1820, and the name has been well established in international usage for over 100 years. Snow Island is also home to the northernmost breeding colony of Emperor penguins.
Hargreaves is a lunar impact crater that lies in the eastern part of the Moon, to the east of the Mare Fecunditatis. It is located to the west of the crater Maclaurin, and was previously designated Maclaurin S before being given a name by the IAU in 1979. Just to the southeast is Morley, and to the west is Webb.
Teii Nature Reserve is a nature reserve situated in eastern Latvia, spread across Madona, Varakni and Krustpils municipalities.
Le Masnau-Massuguiès is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.
Marco Tempest is a Swiss magician based in New York City. He is known for his multimedia magic and use of interactive technology and computer graphics in his illusions and presentations. He stars in the eight-part television series The Virtual Magician which has been broadcast in over 50 countries.
Matjiesfontein is a settlement in Central Karoo District Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
Alexander Sergeyevich Morozevich is a Russian chess player. He was awarded the title of Grandmaster by FIDE in 1994. Morozevich is a two-time World Championship candidate, two-time Russian champion and has represented Russia in seven Chess Olympiads, winning numerous team and board medals.
TCDD E14000 is an electric multiple unit used by the Turkish State Railways on their commuter rail services around Istanbul, Ankara and Izmir. The 75 units were delivered starting in 1979 to supplement the aging E8000 units that were in use on the European Istanbul service, when the other commuter train services were electrified.
Drawyer Creek is a 6.26 mi long tributary to Delaware Bay in New Castle County, Delaware. Drawyer Creek is a mostly tidal tributary to the Appoquinimink River and is non-tidal above Shallcross Lake. Old Drawyers Church, a historic church, is located to the south of the creek.
The Civilian Service Medal (Afghanistan) is awarded by the British government to civilians to recognise service since 19 November 2001 in the transition to democracy in Afghanistan.
Below is a partial list of Minor League Baseball players in the Toronto Blue Jays and rosters of their minor league affiliates.
Ilsenburg is a town in the district of Harz, in Saxony-Anhalt in Germany. It is situated under the north foot of the Harz Mountains, at the entrance to the Ilse valley with its little river, the Ilse, a tributary of the Oker, about six 6 miles north-west of the town of Wernigerode. It received town privileges in 1959. Owing to its surrounding of forests and mountains as well as its position on the edge of the Harz National Park, Ilsenburg is a popular tourist resort. Since 2002, it is officially an air spa.
Ringerike is a municipality in the traditional and electoral district Buskerud in Viken county, Norway. It is part of the traditional region of Ringerike. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Hønefoss.
Greenfield is a large village in Highland and Ross counties, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 4,639. Since the population declined to under 5,000, the Census Bureau may still call it a city, but by Ohio's laws it is technically deemed a village. Since the change from city to village there is no longer a mayor of the town but a city manager; as of 2018, the city manager is Todd Wilkin. Greenfield is most well known because of its rich history, including its community members helping in the underground railroad, new industries, and McClain High School.
Revolution of 1904 was a civic-military revolt led by Aparicio Saravia against the government of José Batlle y Ordóñez in the Banda Oriental. It was the last military conflict between Blancos and Colorados.
Nikolai Ivanovich Nebogatov was a rear admiral in the Imperial Russian Navy, noted for his role in the final stages of the Russo-Japanese War of 1904–1905.
Quercus variabilis, the Chinese cork oak, is a species of oak in the section Quercus sect. Cerris, native to a wide area of eastern Asia in southern, central, and eastern China, Taiwan, Japan, and Korea.
The Honda Sport 90, Super 90, or S90, is a 90 cc Honda motorcycle ultra lightweight new design motorcycle, the engine based on the Honda Super Cub, and was made from 1964 to 1969. The motorcycle continued in production In various forms for example the S90Z in Indonesia.
Yser, originally named Sénégalais, was a frigate in the Free French Naval Forces during World War II and the French Navy post-war. The ship was originally built as USS Corbesier, an American Cannon-class destroyer escort named for Antoine Joseph Corbesier, for more than 40 years he was the beloved swordmaster of the U.S. Naval Academy Midshipmen. The name Corbesier was cancelled 24 September 1943 so it could be used for USS Corbesier.
Paro International Airport is the sole international airport of the four airports in Bhutan. It is 6 km from Paro in a deep valley on the bank of the river Paro Chhu. With surrounding peaks as high as 5,500 m, it is considered one of the world's most challenging airports, and less than two dozen pilots are certified to land at the airport.
Andelot-Blancheville is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in the Grand Est region in northeastern France. It lies on the river Rognon, a tributary of the Marne.
In a typical vertebra, the vertebral foramen is the foramen formed by the anterior segment, and the posterior part, the vertebral arch.
Vukan Savievi is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as a midfielder for Turkish club Samsunspor.
Bruce Jay Friedman was an American novelist, screenwriter, playwright, and actor. He was noted for his versatility of writing in both literature and pop culture. He was also a trailblazer in the style of modern American black humor. The themes he wrote about reflected the major changes taking place in society during the 1960s and 1970s. Many of his stories were inspired by the events of his personal life.
Practical Wireless is a British amateur radio magazine, published monthly by Warners Group Publications.
Colwich is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States, located northwest of Wichita. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 1,327.
Archduchess Renate of Austria was a daughter of Archduke Charles Stephen of Austria and a first cousin of King Alphonso XIII of Spain. A member of the Teschen branch of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine and an Archduchess of Austria and Princess of Bohemia, Hungary, and Tuscany by birth, she renounced her titles in 1909 upon her marriage to Prince Jerome Radziwi.
"Willie Edward Jones, nicknamed ""Puddin' Head"", was a Major League Baseball third baseman who played for the Philadelphia Phillies, Cleveland Indians and Cincinnati Reds. He batted and threw right-handed.
Paul Putner is an English comedian and actor.
Blaenavon Industrial Landscape, in and around Blaenavon, Torfaen, Wales, was inscribed a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 2000.
Sarry is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Climbach is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Nikita Meshkovs, is a Latvian chess grandmaster. He won the Latvian Chess Championship in 2018.
Kékes is Hungary's highest mountain, at 1,014 metres above sea level. It lies 12 kilometres northeast of Gyöngyös, in the Mátra range of Heves county. It is Hungary's third most popular tourist attraction, after Lake Balaton and the Danube, and has a number of hotels and skiing pistes. The Kékestet TV Tower stands at the summit.
"Gösta ""Knivsta"" Sandberg, was a Swedish footballer, ice hockey and bandy player in Djurgårdens IF. In 1956 he received Guldbollen and he was voted ”Djurgårdare of the century” in 1991. His nickname derives from the town he was born and grew up in, Knivsta. He was capped 52 times for the national team in football, 8 times in hockey and 3 times in bandy.
SS Maori was a steamship of the Shaw Savill Line wrecked on the west coast of the Cape Peninsula near Cape Town in a storm on 5 August 1909 with the loss of 32 lives.
Kushiro is a city in Kushiro Subprefecture on the island of Hokkaido, Japan. It serves as the subprefecture's capital and it is the most populated city in the eastern part of the island.
The Region 6 War Room is a nuclear bunker dating from the early days of the cold war, on the Whiteknights Park campus of the University of Reading in the English town of Reading. It is one of a number of such Regional War Rooms built during the 1950s and designed to co-ordinate civil defence in the event of an attack on the country using conventional bombs or atom bombs.
Satte is a city located in Saitama Prefecture, Japan. As of 1 February 2016, the city had an estimated population of 52,449, and a population density of 1550 persons per km². Its total area is 33.93 square kilometres.
Rubblebucket is an American art-pop and indie-rock band from Brooklyn, NY. The primary members are musical couple Annakalmia Traver and Alex Toth.
Julián Simón Sesmero is a Spanish motorcycle racer. He is best known for winning the 2009 125cc World Championship.
Sankhuwasabha District is one of 14 districts of Province No. 1 of eastern Nepal. The district's area is 3,480 km² with a population of 159,203 in 2001 and 158,742 in 2011. The administrative center is Khandbari.
Gmina Kleszczewo is a rural gmina in Pozna County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. Its seat is the village of Kleszczewo, which lies approximately 20 kilometres east of the regional capital Pozna.
Montgomery County is a county located in the Valley and Ridge area of the U.S. state of Virginia. As population in the area increased, Montgomery County was formed in 1777 from Fincastle County, which in turn had been taken from Botetourt County. As of the 2010 census, the population was 94,392. Its county seat is Christiansburg.
Chelora is a town in Kannur district in the state of Kerala, India 8 km from Kannur town and lies on Kannur-Mysore Highway. The ongoing Kannur International Airport is located at a distance of 15 km from here.
Jietín pod Jedlovou is a village and municipality in Dín District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.
Camp Bethel is a historic Christian camp meeting facility at 124 Camp Bethel Road, overlooking the Connecticut River in Haddam, Connecticut. Founded in 1877, Camp Bethel is one of the few surviving camp meeting sites left in New England. It is owned by the Camp Bethel Association, a non-denominational, evangelical organization and is open to rent. The camp was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
Commonwealth Bank Building is a heritage-listed former bank building at 272-278 Flinders Street, Townsville CBD, City of Townsville, Queensland, Australia. It was designed by John and Herwald Kirkpatrick and built in 1923 by Charles Hanson & Sons. It is also known as Commonwealth Savings Bank and Townsville City Council Library. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 29 October 2004.
Newburg is a city in Phelps County, Missouri, United States. The population was 470 at the 2010 census.
Genki Haraguchi is a Japanese football player. He plays for Urawa Red Diamonds. He has played for the Japanese national team.
"""It's a Small World"" is a water-based boat ride located in the Fantasyland area at the various Walt Disney Parks and Resorts worldwide; these include: Disneyland Park in Anaheim, California; the Magic Kingdom at Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake, Florida; Tokyo Disneyland, Disneyland Paris; and Hong Kong Disneyland, with its inaugural version having originally premiered at the 1964 New York World's Fair before permanently moving to Disneyland.
The 25th regular election of members of the House of Councillors was held on 21 July 2019 to elect 124 of the 245 members of the House of Councillors, the upper house of the then 710-member bicameral National Diet of Japan, for a term of six years.
Aleksandr Nikolayevich Belozyorov is a former Russian footballer who played as a centre-back.
Trashiyangtse District is one of the twenty dzongkhags comprising Bhutan. It was created in 1992 when Trashiyangtse district was split off from Trashigang District. Trashiyangtse covers an area of 1,437.9 square kilometres. At an elevation of 1750–1880 m, Trashi yangtse dzongkhag is rich of culture filled with sacred places blessed by Guru Rimpoche and dwelled by Yangtseps, Tshanglas, Bramis from Tawang, Khengpas from Zhemgang and Kurtoeps from Lhuentse.
The rose-fronted parakeet, also known as the red-crowned parakeet, or, in aviculture, the rose-fronted conure, is a species of parrot in the family Psittacidae. It is found in the western Amazon basin in eastern Peru, far south-eastern Ecuador, north-western Bolivia and far western Brazil. It includes the wavy-breasted parakeet, also known as the wavy-breasted conure, which sometimes is considered a separate species.
Kaminagaya Station is an above-ground metro station located in Knan-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa, Japan operated by the Yokohama Municipal Subway’s Blue Line. It is 11.0 kilometers from the terminus of the Blue Line at Shnandai Station.
Thomas Henry Hines was a Confederate cavalryman who was known for his spying activities during the last two years of the American Civil War. A native of Butler County, Kentucky, he initially worked as a grammar instructor, mainly at the Masonic University of La Grange, Kentucky. During the first year of the war, he served as a field officer, initiating several raids. He was an important assistant to John Hunt Morgan, doing a preparatory raid in advance of Morgan's Raid through the states of Indiana and Ohio, and after being captured with Morgan, organized their escape from the Ohio Penitentiary. He was later involved in espionage and tried to stir up insurrections against the Federal government in selected Northern locales.
The Stainforth and Keadby Canal is a navigable canal in South Yorkshire and Lincolnshire, England. It connects the River Don Navigation at Bramwith to the River Trent at Keadby, by way of Stainforth, Thorne and Ealand, near Crowle. It opened in 1802, passed into the control of the River Don Navigation in 1849, and within a year was controlled by the first of several railway companies. It became part of the Sheffield and South Yorkshire Navigation, an attempt to remove several canals from railway control, in 1895. There were plans to upgrade it to take larger barges and to improve the port facilities at Keadby, but the completion of the New Junction Canal in 1905 made this unnecessary, as Goole could easily be reached and was already a thriving port.
The Elyria Elks Club, in Elyria, Ohio, has served as a clubhouse of the Elks social fraternity. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Jeffrey Philip LaBar is an American guitarist most famous for playing in the glam rock band Cinderella, in which he replaced original guitarist Michael Schermick, also known as Michael Kelly Smith.
Gorizia was the fourth and final member of the Zara class of heavy cruisers to be built for the Italian Regia Marina in the 1930s. Named for the town of Gorizia, the ship was laid down at the OTO Livorno shipyard in March 1930, was launched in December that year and was commissioned into the fleet in December 1931. Armed with a main battery of eight 8-inch guns, she was nominally within the 10,000-long-ton limit imposed by the Washington Naval Treaty, though in reality she significantly exceeded this figure.
Robert Bolder was an English film actor of the silent era. He appeared in 99 films between 1912 and 1936. He was born in London and died in Los Angeles, California. In the early part of the 20th-century Bolder was involved in several Broadway productions.
"Elizabeth Rose Rebecca ""Lizzie"" Holden is a Manx professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's Continental Team Bizkaia–Durango."
Calfaria Baptist Chapel, Aberdare, was one of the largest baptist churches in the South Wales Valleys and the oldest in the Aberdare valley. The chapel had an ornate interior, including a boarded ceiling with a deeply undercut rose, while the balcony balustrading had a cast iron front with an intricate foliage design. These features were common in the Welsh chapels of the late nineteenth century. The organ was installed in 1903 at a cost of £850. It was played for the last time in 2012 by Robert Nicholls, during a Radio Cymru broadcast shortly before the closure of the chapel.
Peter van Dievoet was a sculptor, statuary, wood carver, and designer of ornamental architectural features from Brussels.
Surrey County Council is the county council administering certain services in the non-metropolitan county of Surrey in England. The council is composed of 81 elected Councillors, and in all but one election since 1965 the Conservative Party has held the majority.
Dainis Kla is a Latvian former javelin thrower who represented the Soviet Union at the international level for most of his career. He is most famous for controversially winning the gold medal in men's javelin throw at the 1980 Summer Olympics, becoming the second Latvian to achieve this. He is also a World Championship bronze medalist, a three-time Soviet Champion and a two-time Universiade champion.
Meadowbrook is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Shelby County, Alabama, United States. At the 2010 census the population was 8,769. It is part of the Birmingham metropolitan area.
Rogéria Gomes is a Brazilian radio and theatrical producer. She is a cultural journalist and works for both radio and magazines. In 2011 she released As grandes damas, a book on the history of Brazilian theatre.
Saint-Gildas-de-Rhuys is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
The Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority is a government agency and the official destination marketing organization for Southern Nevada. It was founded by the Nevada Legislature in 1955. The LVCVA is a public-private partnership that owns and operates the Las Vegas Convention Center, operates Cashman Field and is responsible for the advertising campaigns for the Clark County, Nevada area. The city of Las Vegas took control of Cashman Center at the end of 2017, and is evaluating possibilities for the facility's future.
Brookview is a town in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States. The population was 60 at the 2010 census. Brookview was incorporated in 1953. Brookview is governed by a three-person town council. Each member of the town council is elected by voters to a three-year term in office. The now deceased Richard E. Sullivan had previously served as mayor of the town since 1996 and was recognized at the 2017 Annual Maryland Municipal League Summer Conference as a long-serving mayor of over 25 years. The present 2018 council consists of Mayor J.D. Hurley, Commissioner Clint Falduto, Commissioner Shelly Hurley.
The Lost Lake Guard Station in Okanogan National Forest near Tonasket, Washington was built in 1940 by the Civilian Conservation Corps. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on April 11, 1986. It was designed by the USDA Forest Svce. Architecture Group of the Pacific Northwest region in Rustic architecture. The listing included a 1.3-acre area.
Rhinella rubescens is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.
"I Used To Be A Sparrow is an alternative rock band based in Västerås, Sweden. The act mainly consists of Andrea Caccese and Dick Pettersson, and has so far released two studio albums, the second of which is entitled ""You Are An Empty Artist."
"Naram-Sin also transcribed Narm-Sîn or Naram-Suen, was a ruler of the Akkadian Empire, who reigned c. 2254–2218 BC, and was the third successor and grandson of King Sargon of Akkad. Under Naram-Sin the empire reached its maximum strength. He was the first Mesopotamian king known to have claimed divinity for himself, taking the title ""God of Akkad"", and the first to claim the title ""King of the Four Quarters, King of the Universe""."
Bamberg County is a county in the state of South Carolina, United States. As of the 2010 census, 15,987 people lived there. Its county seat is Bamberg.
Hagestedgaard is a manor house and estate located at the village of Hagested, near Holbæk, Holbæk Municipality, some 60 kilometres west of Copenhagen, Denmark. The estate traces its history back to the 13th century but the current asymmetrical complex of single-storey, white-washed buildings surrounding a central courtyard was constructed for Hans Didrik Brinck-Seidelin in 1747 with the exception of the remains of a tower built by Johan Friis in 1555. The estate has been owned by members of the Castenskiold family since 1769.
Ronny Reich is an Israeli archaeologist, excavator and scholar of the ancient remains of Jerusalem.
The Shire of Denmark is a local government area in the Great Southern region of Western Australia, about 55 kilometres west of Albany and about 420 kilometres south-southeast of the state capital, Perth. The Shire of Denmark covers an area of 1,860 square kilometres, and its seat of government is located in the townsite and locality of Denmark.
Caesium perchlorate or cesium perchlorate, is a perchlorate of caesium. It forms white crystals, which are sparingly soluble in cold water and ethanol. It dissolves more easily in hot water.
Eustacia María Caridad del Río Hernándeza, better known as Caridad del Río, Caridad Mercader or Caritat Mercader, was a Spanish communist militant and an agent of the Soviet NKVD. She is also known for being the mother of Ramón Mercader, the assassin of Leon Trotsky, and for having personally participated in the operation.
Phrae is one of Thailand's seventy-six provinces lies in upper northern Thailand. Neighboring provinces are Phayao, Nan, Uttaradit, Sukhothai, and Lampang.
The Glencoe is a historic apartment building located at Indianapolis, Indiana. It was built in 1902, and is a three-story, simplified Classical Revival style yellow brick building. It has a metal cornice, limestone detailing, and a brick parapet.
Taudaha Lake is a small lake in the outskirts of Kathmandu, in Nepal. The name comes from a combination of Newari words 'Ta', meaning snake and 'Daha', which means lake.
The antiquity of architecture of Karnataka can be traced to its southern Neolithic and early Iron Age, Having witnessed the architectural ideological and utilitarian transformation from shelter- ritual- religion. Here the nomenclature 'Architecture' is as old as c.2000 B.C.E. The upper or late Neolithic people in order to make their shelters, they constructed huts made of wattle and doab, that were buttressed by stone boulders, presumably having conical roof resting on the bamboo or wooden posts into red murram or paved granite chips as revealed in archaeological excavations in sites like Brhamagiri, Sanganakallu, Tekkalakota, Piklihal. Megaliths are the dominant archaeological evidence of the early Iron Age. There are more than 2000 early Iron Age burial sites on record, who laid the foundation for a high non-perishable architecture in the form of various distinct architectural styles of stone built burials, which are ritualistic in its character. The active religious architecture is evident 345 with that of the Kadamba Dynasty. Karnataka is a state in the southern part of India originally known as the State of Mysore.
Bluefish is a free software advanced text editor with a variety of tools for programming in general and the development of dynamic websites. Bluefish supports development in HTML, XHTML, CSS, XML, PHP, C, C++, JavaScript, Java, Go, Vala, Ada, D, SQL, Perl, ColdFusion, JSP, Python, Ruby and shell. Bluefish is available for many platforms, including Linux, macOS, and Windows. Bluefish can be used via integration with GNOME or run as a standalone application. Bluefish fills the niche market between the plain text editors and the full IDE: Bluefish is lightweight and fast and easy to learn, while still providing many features of an integrated development environment to support both programming and the development of websites. Bluefish has been translated into 17 languages.
Asari is a crater near the north pole of Ceres named for the Assyrian god of agriculture. It is 52 km in diameter.
Trélazé is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
USCGC Charles David Jr is the seventh Sentinel-class cutter.
The Savannah metropolitan area is centered on the principal city of Savannah, Georgia. The official name given by the U.S. Office of Management and Budget is the Savannah, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is used for statistical purposes by the United States Census Bureau and other entities. The OMB defines this area as consisting of Bryan, Chatham, and Effingham counties in Georgia; its total population was estimated at 393,353 in 2019. In the official 2010 census, the Savannah MSA had a population of 347,611, an 18.6 percent increase from the 2000 population of 293,000. The Savannah MSA is the third most populous of fourteen Georgia MSAs as well as one of the fastest-growing metro areas in the state for the period 2000–2010.
The 2015 Spanish local elections were held on Sunday, 24 May 2015, to elect all 67,515 councillors in the 8,122 municipalities of Spain and all 1,040 seats in 38 provincial deputations. The elections were held simultaneously with regional elections in thirteen autonomous communities, as well as local elections in the three foral deputations of the Basque Country and the ten island councils in the Balearic and Canary Islands.
Landsverk L-120 was a light tank designed in Sweden. One tank and one tank chassis was ordered for tests by the Swedish Army in 1936, and one chassis was ordered by the Norwegian Army the same year. The chassis sold to Norway became Norway's first ever tank, after an improvised turret and makeshift armour had been added.
Nellore is a city on the banks of Penna River, located in Nellore district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It serves as the headquarters of the district, as well as Nellore mandal and Nellore revenue division. It is the fourth most populous city in the state. It is at a distance of 275 km from the capital city of Andhra Pradesh and about 170 km north of Chennai, Tamilnadu and also about 380km from Bangalore, Karnataka. Nellore City accounts for 65% of the urban population of Nellore District.
Tingmosgang is a fortress in Temisgam village, on the bank of Indus River in Ladakh, in northwestern India. It is 92 km west of Leh, near Khalatse, and north of the present main road. The town has a palace and the monastery over a hillock.
Ericus Erici Sorolainen was a Finnish Lutheran bishop, a Bishop of Turku from 1583 to 1625 as the successor to Paulus Juusten; and the administrator of the Diocese of Viipuri.
Mudgee railway station is a heritage-listed former railway station on the Gwabegar railway line at Mudgee, Mid-Western Regional Council, New South Wales, Australia. It was designed by John Whitton and built from 1883 to 1884. The property was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Castro Pretorio is the 18th rione of Rome, identified by the initials R. XVIII, and it is located within the Municipio I. The rione takes its name by the ruins of the Castrum Praetorium, the barracks of the Praetorian Guard, included in the Aurelian Walls.
The Dumbarton Bridge is the southernmost of the highway bridges across San Francisco Bay in California. Carrying over 70,000 vehicles and about 118 pedestrian and bicycle crossings daily, it is the shortest bridge across San Francisco Bay at 1.63 miles. Its eastern end is in Fremont, near Newark in the San Francisco Bay National Wildlife Refuge, and its western end is in Menlo Park. Bridging State Route 84 across the bay, it has three lanes each way and a separated bike/pedestrian lane along its south side. Like the San Mateo Bridge to the north, power lines parallel the bridge.
"Herbertstraße is a street in the St. Pauli district of Hamburg, located near the main red light district Reeperbahn. It is the only street in the city where it is still possible to find prostitutes in ""windows"" as in the famous De Wallen district of Amsterdam. It is reputed to have Hamburg's best looking and most expensive prostitutes. At its peak about 250 women worked there."
Mehdi Mahdavi is an Iranian volleyball player, who former played as a setter for the Iran national team of the year 2007–2016. After competing at the 2016 Summer Olympics he announced his retirement from the national team aiming to give more chances to younger players. Mahdavi is married and has a daughter and a son.
Olba or Olbe was an ancient city and bishopric in the Roman province of Isauria, in present-day southern Turkey. It is included in the Catholic Church's list of Latin titular sees.
"Yinchuan is the capital of the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China. and historically it was the former capital of the Western Xia Empire of the Tanguts. It has an area of 8,874.61 km² and a total population of 2.29 million. Its built-up area is home to 1,487,561 inhabitants spread between three urban districts. The name of the city literally means ""silver river"".
Whitby is a seaside town, port and civil parish in the Scarborough borough of North Yorkshire, England. Situated on the east coast of Yorkshire at the mouth of the River Esk, Whitby has a maritime, mineral and tourist heritage. Its East Cliff is home to the ruins of Whitby Abbey, where Cædmon, the earliest recognised English poet, lived. The fishing port emerged during the Middle Ages, supporting important herring and whaling fleets, and was where Captain Cook learned seamanship. Tourism started in Whitby during the Georgian period and developed with the arrival of the railway in 1839. Its attraction as a tourist destination is enhanced by the proximity of the high ground of the North York Moors national park and the heritage coastline and by association with the horror novel Dracula. Jet and alum were mined locally, and Whitby jet, which was mined by the Romans and Victorians, became fashionable during the 19th century.
Jeroo Billimoria is an Indian social entrepreneur and the founder of several international NGOs. Her work has been featured in several books. Her most recent initiatives include Aflatoun, Childline India Foundation and Child Helpline International. Her most recent initiative is Child and Youth Finance International, which Jeroo founded in 2011.
David Einhorn was a German rabbi and leader of Reform Judaism in the United States. Einhorn was chosen in 1855 as the first rabbi of the Har Sinai Congregation in Baltimore, the oldest congregation in the United States that has been affiliated with the Reform movement since its inception. While there, he created an early American prayer book for the congregation that became one of the progenitors of the 1894 Union Prayer Book. In 1861, Einhorn was forced to flee to Philadelphia, where he became rabbi of Reform Congregation Keneseth Israel. He moved to New York City in 1866, where he became rabbi of Congregation Adath Israel.
Lake Pleasant Regional Park is a large outdoors recreation area straddling the Maricopa and Yavapai county border northwest of Phoenix, Arizona. The park is located within the municipal boundaries of Peoria, Arizona, and serves as a major recreation hub for the northwest Phoenix metropolitan area.
Corbara is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
The 2019 Pacific typhoon season was the costliest Pacific typhoon season on record, just ahead of the previous year. The season was fairly above-average, producing 29 named storms, 17 typhoons, and four super typhoons. It was an event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation, in which tropical cyclones form in the western Pacific Ocean. The season ran throughout 2019, though most tropical cyclones typically develop between May and October. The season's first named storm, Pabuk, reached tropical storm status on January 1, becoming the earliest-forming tropical storm of the western Pacific Ocean on record, breaking the previous record that was held by Typhoon Alice in 1979. The season's first typhoon, Wutip, reached typhoon status on February 20. Wutip further intensified into a super typhoon on February 23, becoming the strongest February typhoon on record, and the strongest tropical cyclone recorded in February in the Northern Hemisphere. The season's last named storm, Phanfone, dissipated on December 29 after it made landfall in the Philippines. The accumulated cyclone energy index of this season amounted to 269 units.
The Woman Thou Gavest Me is a best-selling 1913 British novel by Hall Caine. The book is a fictional first-personal account of a Catholic woman's struggle after marrying the wrong man. It was one of Caine's most contentious books, causing outrage on its release for its handling of adultery, illegitimacy and divorce. It was the seventh-best-selling novel of 1913 and was made into a film in 1919.
"Cody Rutledge Wilson is an American crypto-anarchist, free-market anarchist, and gun-rights activist. He is best known as a founder and director of Defense Distributed, a non-profit organization that develops and publishes open source gun designs, so-called ""wiki weapons"", suitable for 3D printing and digital manufacture.
Johann Karl Bähr was a German painter and writer.
Thomas Dreßen is a German World Cup alpine ski racer. He specializes in the speed events of downhill and super-G. Dreßen made his World Cup debut in February 2015 at the Saalbach downhill. He made his first podium in December 2017 in the downhill at Beaver Creek and his first win came the following month at Kitzbühel.
Briconville is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.
William John Whaling was a highly decorated Major general in the United States Marine Corps and an expert in jungle warfare during the Pacific War. He also competed as a sport shooter in the 1924 Summer Olympics, where he finished in 12th place in the 25 m rapid fire pistol competition.
Pogrzebie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kornowac, within Racibórz County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres south-west of Kornowac, 6 km east of Racibórz, and 54 km west of the regional capital Katowice.
Rahnsdorf station is a station of the Berlin S-Bahn. It is located in the district of Rahnsdorf in the Berlin district of Treptow-Köpenick.
Mitchell Downtown Historic District is a national historic district located at Mitchell, Lawrence County, Indiana. The district encompasses 75 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential sections of Mitchell. It developed between about 1853 and 1946, and includes examples of Italianate, Romanesque Revival, and Queen Anne style architecture. Located in the district is the separately listed Mitchell Opera House. Other notable buildings include the First National Bank Building, Odd Fellows Hall, Jacob Finger Methodist Church, Dr. William Dings House, Edward Moore House, Bank of Mitchell Building, Fannie Moore Richardson House, Mitchell Public Library and Theatorium.
The Monk parakeet, Quaker parrot or Seatowerian Budgerigar, lives in Argentina and the countries around South America. The bird is also known for passing one of its tail feathers through its bill to reconnect the barbules. This locking process is similar to pressing Velcro strips together.
The Basilica of Saints Justus and Pastor is a basilica in Barcelona, Catalonia. In 1948 this church became the sixth in Barcelona to receive the rank of minor basilica, a title that was granted by Pope Pius XII.
Stokkøy Bridge is a concrete cantilever bridge that crosses the Stokksundet strait between the mainland and the island of Stokkøya in the municipality of Åfjord in Trøndelag county, Norway. The bridge starts near the village of Revsnes on the mainland and goes north to the island of Stokkøya near the village of Harsvika.
Pamelaria is an extinct genus of allokotosaurian archosauromorph reptile known from a single species, Pamelaria dolichotrachela, from the Middle Triassic of India. Pamelaria has sprawling legs, a long neck, and a pointed skull with nostrils positioned at the very tip of the snout. Among early archosauromorphs, Pamelaria is most similar to Prolacerta from the Early Triassic of South Africa and Antarctica. Both have been placed in the family Prolacertidae. Pamelaria, Prolacerta, and various other Permo-Triassic reptiles such as Protorosaurus and Tanystropheus have often been placed in a group of archosauromorphs called Protorosauria, which was regarded as one of the most basal group of archosauromorphs. However, more recent phylogenetic analyses indicate that Pamelaria and Prolacerta are more closely related to Archosauriformes than are Protorosaurus, Tanystropheus, and other protorosaurs, making Protorosauria a polyphyletic grouping.
Cherry Township is a township in Butler County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,106 at the 2010 census.
Helcionopsis striata is an extinct species of paleozoic monoplacophoran in the family Tryblidiidae.
"Plymouth Township is a township with home rule status in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States. Although it retains the word ""Township"" in its official name, it has been governed by a home rule charter since 1976 and is no longer subject to the Pennsylvania Township Code. The population was 16,525 at the 2010 census. It is serviced by the Colonial School District and is home to the Plymouth Meeting Mall. It also serves as the home of the Mid-County Interchange between the Pennsylvania Turnpike and the Blue Route."
The Ford Valve Plant is a factory building located at 235 East Main Street in Northville, Michigan. The plant was built as part of Henry Ford's vision of decentralizing manufacturing and integrating it into rural communities. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
The Donaldson Smith's sparrow-weaver is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae. It is found in Africa from southern Ethiopia to central Kenya and southern Somalia.
Lecciones y Ensayos is a biannual law review run by university students and published by the University of Buenos Aires School of Law since 1956.
Corrales is a village in Sandoval County, New Mexico, United States. First farmed by Tiquex Pueblo people, chosen due to its proximity to the Rio Grande, as documented by Hispano farmers of Nuevo México in the late 1500s. Despite being a part of the Albuquerque metropolitan area, the village maintains its rural character, while also being surrounded by the cities of Albuquerque and Rio Rancho. The population of Corrales was 8,329 at the 2010 Census.
Queen of Uganda was a title used by Queen Elizabeth II while Uganda was an independent constitutional monarchy between 9 October 1962 and 9 October 1963. She was also the Sovereign of many other countries in the Commonwealth of Nations, including the United Kingdom.
Lahaina Historic District is a National Historic Landmark District encompassing most of the community of Lahaina, Hawaii, on the west side of the island of Maui in the US state of Hawaii. Designated in 1962, the district recognizes Lahaina for its well-preserved character as a 19th-century port, and for its social and economic importance in the 19th century as a major whaling center in the Pacific, and as one of the capital cities of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
Volenice is a village and municipality in Strakonice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
The Hotel Imperial, also known as The Imperial, is a five-star luxury hotel in Vienna, Austria. It is located on the Ringstraße at Kärntner Ring 16.
The Azilian is a name given by archaeologists to an industry in the Franco-Cantabrian region of northern Spain and southern France. It dates approximately 10,000–12,500 years ago. Diagnostic artifacts from the culture include Azilian points, crude flat bone harpoons and pebbles with abstract decoration. The latter were first found in the River Arize at the type-site for the culture, the Grotte du Mas d'Azil at Le Mas-d'Azil in the French Pyrenees. These are the main type of Azilian art, showing a great reduction in scale and complexity from the Magdalenian Art of the Upper Palaeolithic.
Mushtaq Shiekh is an Indian screenwriter, author, producer and actor. He is mainly known for writing the screenplay of Ra.One, Om Shanti Om and Billu.
Blackbutt is a rural town and locality in the South Burnett Region, Queensland, Australia. In the 2016 census, Blackbutt had a population of 836 people.
Saint Felix of Nicosia, O.F.M. Cap. was a Capuchin friar, and is honored as a saint in the Roman Catholic Church.
The Bombing of Durango took place on 31 March 1937, during the Spanish Civil War. On 31 March 1937 the Nationalists started their offensive against the Republican held province of Biscay. As part of the offensive the Aviazione Legionaria and the Legion Condor bombed Durango, a town of 10,000 inhabitants that was also a key road and railway junction behind the frontline. Around 250 people are believed to have died in the bombing.
The Alvis Three Litre TA 21, is an automobile which was produced by Alvis Cars between 1950 and 1953. It was announced to the British public the day it went on display at the opening of the Geneva Motor Show 16 March 1950.
"The LaFortune Student Center serves as the main student center at the University of Notre Dame. Built as the Science Hall in 1883 under the direction of Fr. John Zahm. In 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma. Commonly known as ""LaFortune"" or ""LaFun,"" it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities. LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1.2 million.
Dongargaon is a village located in Indore District, Madhyapradesh, India.
The National Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen is Denmark’s largest museum of cultural history, comprising the histories of Danish and foreign cultures, alike. The museum's main building is located a short distance from Strøget at the center of Copenhagen. It contains exhibits from around the world, from Greenland to South America. Additionally, the museum sponsors SILA - The Greenland Research Center at the National Museum of Denmark to further archaeological and anthropological research in Greenland.
Trainmeusel is a village in the Upper Franconian market municipality of Wiesenttal in the district of Forchheim in the German state of Bavaria.
Prensa Obrera is the weekly newspaper edited by the Workers' Party of Argentina. The first edition went out in the year 1982. In 2010 it reached a thousand editions. It has a circulation of 15,000 copies weekly.
Schwenksville is a borough in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,385 at the 2010 census. It is notable for being located near the site of the Philadelphia Folk Festival. The borough was founded in 1684, when the Lenni-Lenape Indians ceded to William Penn the land along the Perkiomen Creek; it was incorporated in 1903. The borough was named for George Schwenk, whose son, Jacob Schwenk, served in George Washington's army.
Paitzdorf is a German municipality in the Thuringian Landkreis of Greiz. It belongs to the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft of Wünschendorf/Elster.
Scotland Neck is a town in Halifax County, North Carolina, in the United States. At the 2010 census, the town population was 2,059. It is part of the Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Miguel Ángel Reyes Vergara is a Colombian cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental team EPM–Scott.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Calbayog is an ecclesiastical territory of the Catholic Church named after its episcopal see, Calbayog City, a city on the western side of the province of Samar in the Philippines.
Homewood is an Amtrak intercity and Metra commuter train station in Homewood, Illinois, United States. It is also the location of the Homewood Railroad Park Museum.
The Frost Farm is a historic farmstead on Korpi Road in Dublin, New Hampshire. It includes a farmhouse built in 1806 and subsequently enlarged, and a renovated 19th-century barn. The property is significant for its architecture, and for its ownership by both early settlers and later Finnish immigrants. A portion of the property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Phillipstown is a village in White County, Illinois, United States. The population was 28 at the 2000 census.
Tiantong Zongjue, was a Chinese Zen Buddhist monk during the Song Dynasty. He was born in Hezhou, but left home to practice Buddhism at the age of sixteen. His ordination took place two years later. Zuzhao Daohe of the Yunmen School was his first teacher. However, Daohe retired and was replaced by Zhenxie Qingliao of the Caodong/St School, who became the teacher that gave Zongjue dharma transmission. In 1132, Zongjue became the abbot of Yuelin Temple where he served for 23 years. After this period, his abbacy switched to Mt. Xuedou. He remained there for four years before becoming the abbot of Tiantong Monastery near the modern city of Ningbo in 1159. He was replacing the former abbot, the famous Hongzhi Zhengjue, who died there in 1157. It was from this final temple, where Zongjue died in 1162, that he took his name. Tiantong temple was the same monastery where Eihei Dogen studied under Tiantong Rujing before bringing the teaching back to Japan and founding the St School.
Leonello d'Este was Marquis of Ferrara, Modena, and Reggio Emilia from 1441 to 1450. Despite the presence of legitimate children, Leonello was favoured by his father as his successor. In addition, his virtuous qualities, high level of education, and popularity among the common people as well as his formal papal recognition ultimately made him the most suitable heir.
The Beijing–Jiujiang–Kowloon railway, also known as the Jingjiu railway is a railway connecting Beijing West Station in Beijing to Shenzhen Station in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province. It is connected with Hong Kong's East Rail across the border which terminates at Hung Hom Station in Kowloon.
Schanzengraben is a moat and a section of the northwestern extension of the Seeuferanlage promenades that were built between 1881 and 1887 in Zürich, Switzerland. Schanzengraben is, among the adjoint Katz bastion at the Old Botanical Garden and the so-called Bauschänzli bulwark, one of the last remains of the Baroque fortifications of Zürich. The area of the moat is also an inner-city recreation area and, nevertheless, being officially a public park.
Kadavoor is a small village in Paingottoor Gram panchayat in Kothamangalam Taluk at the eastern border of the Ernakulam district, state of Kerala, India. It is located about twenty kilometres away from the nearby towns Muvattupuzha, Kothamangalam and Thodupuzha.
The SIG Sauer SIG516 is a firearm manufactured by SIG Sauer. It is an AR-15 style rifle chambered in 5.56×45mm NATO. Introduced in 2010, the SIG516 was discontinued as of 2019. A variant chambered in 7.62x51mm NATO, the SIG716, remains in production.
The Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia was a partially annexed territory of Nazi Germany established on 16 March 1939 following the German occupation of the Czech lands on 15 March 1939. Earlier, following the Munich Agreement of September 1938, Nazi Germany had incorporated the Czech Sudetenland territory as a Reichsgau.
Gaius Licinius Macer was an official and annalist of ancient Rome.
Adam Richard Deadmarsh is a Canadian-American retired professional ice hockey right winger. Deadmarsh played parts of 10 seasons in the National Hockey League. He played with the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, and Los Angeles Kings.
X60 is the designation of Storstockholms Lokaltrafik's new Coradia Nordic-model commuter trains, which replaced all the older commuter trainsets between 2006 and 2017. They are electric multiple units manufactured by the French manufacturer Alstom at their plant in Salzgitter, Germany.
Ash Sharqiyah North Governorate is a governorate of Oman. It was created on 28 October 2011, when Ash Sharqiyah Region was split into Ash Sharqiyah North Governorate and Ash Sharqiyah South Governorate. The centre of the governorate is the wilyah of Ibra.
Mettuguda is a neighbourhood in Secunderabad city in the Indian state of Telangana.
Northfield is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city's population was 8,624, reflecting an increase of 899 from the 7,725 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 420 from the 7,305 counted in the 1990 Census.
Argyle was an electoral district for the Legislative Assembly in the Australian State of New South Wales from 1856 to 1904, including Argyle County surrounding Goulburn. The town of Goulburn was in Southern Boroughs from 1856 to 1859 and then Goulburn. The district had previously been represented by the district of County of Argyle in the partially elected Legislative Council.
Hodgson's redstart is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.
The Grande Sertão Veredas National Park is a national park located on the border between the states of Minas Gerais and Bahia, Brazil.
Clinton National Airport, also known as Adams Field, Little Rock Municipal Airport, or, more put, Bill and Hillary Clinton National Airport, is a national airport on the east side of Little Rock, Arkansas. It is operated by the Little Rock Municipal Airport Commission.
"Ewen Bremner is a Scottish character actor. His roles have included Julien in Julien Donkey-Boy, Daniel ""Spud"" Murphy in Trainspotting and its 2017 sequel T2 Trainspotting, SPC Shawn Nelson in Black Hawk Down, expert marksman Charlie in Wonder Woman and Lt. Red Winkle in Pearl Harbor."
Venus is a Roman goddess, whose functions encompassed love, beauty, desire, sex, fertility, prosperity and victory. In Roman mythology, she was the ancestor of the Roman people through her son, Aeneas, who survived the fall of Troy and fled to Italy. Julius Caesar claimed her as his ancestor. Venus was central to many religious festivals, and was revered in Roman religion under numerous cult titles.
The Borough of Victoria was a local government area in the Lower North Shore region of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. First proclaimed as the Victoria Ward of the Borough of St Leonards in 1867, in 1871 a petition to secede was accepted and the Borough was proclaimed with an area of 0.7km2, making it the second-smallest council in Sydney after the Borough of Darlington. It included the modern suburbs of McMahons Point and parts of North Sydney and Lavender Bay. The borough lasted until 29 July 1890 when it merged with the neighbouring boroughs of St Leonards and East St Leonards to form the Borough of North Sydney.
The Multinational Force in Lebanon was an international peacekeeping force created in August 1982 following an 1981 U.S.-brokered ceasefire between the PLO and Israel to end their involvement in the conflict between Lebanon's pro-government and pro-Syrian factions. The ceasefire held until June 3, 1982 when the Abu Nidal Organization attempted to assassinate Shlomo Argov, Israel's ambassador to London. Israel blamed the PLO and three days later invaded Lebanon. West Beirut was besieged for seven weeks before the PLO acceded to a new agreement for their withdrawal. The agreement provided for the deployment of a Multinational Force to assist the Lebanese Armed Forces in evacuating the PLO, Syrian forces and other foreign combatants involved in Lebanon's civil war.
"Marie Émilie Thérèse de Joly, ""Mademoiselle de Choin"", was the second wife of Louis o France, Dauphin o France, ""Grand Dauphin"". As she was a member of the minor nobility, her marriage to the dauphin of France was never publicly announced. She was introduced to court as a lady-in-waiting to The Dowager Princess o Conti who was also very close to her half brother Louis of France, Dauphin of France, ""Le Grand Dauphin"". The first wife of the Dauphin, Maria Anna Victoria of Bavaria died in 1690 leaving behind three children. Pregnant at the time of her secret marriage to the dauphin she gave birth to a son who died two years after birth without being named. After the death of her husband in 1711, she retired to Paris where she died in april 1732. She was buried at the cemetery of Saint Paul des Champs in Paris."
Löptin is a municipality in the district of Plön, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Cachan is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located 6.7 km from the center of Paris.
Valréas is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.
"The Hemiptera or true bugs are an order of insects comprising some 50,000 to 80,000 species of groups such as the cicadas, aphids, planthoppers, leafhoppers, and shield bugs. They range in size from 1 mm to around 15 cm, and share a common arrangement of sucking mouthparts. The name ""true bugs"" is often limited to the suborder Heteroptera. Many insects commonly known as ""bugs"", especially in American English, belong to other orders; for example, the lovebug is a fly and the May bug and ladybug are beetles.
The British War Medal is a campaign medal of the United Kingdom which was awarded to officers and men of British and Imperial forces for service in the First World War. Two versions of the medal were produced. About 6.5 million were struck in silver and 110,000 in bronze, the latter awarded to, among others, the Chinese, Maltese and Indian Labour Corps.
Anupgarh is a town in the Sri Ganganagar District state of Rajasthan, India. It is the headquarters town for Anupgarh Tehsil.
The Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians is one of three federally recognized tribes of Choctaw Native Americans, and the only one in the state of Mississippi. On April 20, 1945, this band organized under the Indian Reorganization Act of 1934. Also in 1945 the Choctaw Indian Reservation was created in Mississippi by the federal government by acquisition of lands in Neshoba, Leake, Newton, Scott, Jones, Attala, Kemper, and Winston counties. Other federally recognized tribes are the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma, the largest, and the Jena Band of Choctaw Indians, a small group located in Louisiana.
"José Alberto Iglesias, better known as Tango or its diminutive Tanguito, was an Argentine rock singer-songwriter. Born into a working class family from western Greater Buenos Aires, he began his career in the early 1960s as the lead singer of the nueva ola group Los Dukes, which recorded two singles released on label Music Hall. In the late 1960s, he became a leading figure in the countercultural underground of Buenos Aires, a scene that gave birth to Argentine rock, the earliest incarnation of Spanish-language rock. Tanguito is celebrated for co-writing Los Gatos' hit ""La balsa"", that catapulted the burgeoning rock nacional into massive popularity in the summer of 1967-68. This success led to a contract with RCA Victor which soon ended after the little impact of the 1968 single ""El hombre restante"". Tanguito later worked for Mandioca, Argentine rock's first independent record label founded by producers Jorge Álvarez and Pedro Pujó in 1968.
Francesco Maselli or Citto Maselli is an Italian film director and screenwriter. He has directed 38 films since 1949.
The Castle of Gruyères, located in the medieval town of Gruyères, Fribourg, is one of the most famous in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission was a massive city-modernisation scheme launched by the Government of India under Ministry of Urban Development. It envisaged a total investment of over $20 billion over seven years. It is named after Pt. Jawaharlal Nehru, the first Prime Minister of India.
"The Cathedral of the Nativity of Our Lady also Sé Catedral da Natividade de Nossa Senhora and Igreja da Sé is a cathedral in Sé, Macau, China. It is the current cathedral of the Diocese of Macau. The cathedral is also called the ""Church of the Nativity of Our Lady"".
Taleggio is a semisoft, washed-rind, smear-ripened Italian cheese that is named after Val Taleggio. The cheese has a thin crust and a strong aroma, but its flavour is comparatively mild with an unusual fruity tang.
Yoro is one of the 18 departments into which Honduras is divided. The department contains rich agricultural lands, concentrated mainly on the valley of the Aguan River and the Sula Valley, on opposite ends. The departmental capital is Yoro. The department covers a total surface area of 7,939 km² and, in 2005, had an estimated population of 503,886 people. It is famous for the Lluvia de Peces, a tradition by which fish fall from the sky during very heavy rains.
Alsace is a cultural and historical region in eastern France, on the west bank of the upper Rhine next to Germany and Switzerland.
Sofia University St. Kliment Ohridski Metro Station is a station on the Sofia Metro in Bulgaria. It was introduced into service on September 7, 2009. On 26 August 2020, transfer to Orlov Most on M3 line was opened.
"Jai Waetford is an Australian pop singer and songwriter who came third on the fifth season of The X Factor Australia. He subsequently signed with Sony Music Australia and released his debut single ""Your Eyes"", which peaked at number six on the ARIA Singles Chart. Waetford's self-titled debut EP was released in December 2013 and peaked at number 21 on the ARIA Albums Chart. Waetford joined the Australian soap opera Neighbours in February 2016 as Angus Beaumont-Hannay; his debut episode aired on 2 May. His latest EP Heart Miles was released 3 June 2016."
Mendon is a town in Monroe County, New York, United States, and has been ranked as the most affluent suburb of the city of Rochester as well as in all of Upstate New York. The population was estimated to be 9,308 according to the demographic data released by the Census Bureau in 2017.
Mathew Murray, credited professionally as M. H. Murray, is a Canadian writer and filmmaker. He is known for his work on the web series Teenagers. He has also written and directed a number of short films.
Bruno Perreau is the Cynthia L. Reed Professor of French Studies at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He is also Non-Resident Faculty at the Center for European Studies, Harvard.
Yenisey Stadium is a demolished outdoor sports venue in Krasnoyarsk, which in December 2018 was reopened as an indoor arena. It is the home of Yenisey. At the 2019 Winter Universiade the new indoor stadium hosted bandy matches.
Aoukar or Erg Aoukar is a geological depression area of south eastern Mauritania. It is located between Kiffa and Néma, south of the Tagant Plateau.
Seeteufel was a two-man amphibious midget submarine, developed by Nazi Germany during World War II. Only one prototype was built in 1944, although its testing was relatively successful and negotiations began for another series of three to test the necessary changes before beginning series production in 1945. These plans were cancelled at the beginning of that year when the decision was made to concentrate production on designs already being built.
Theodore Roosevelt desk is a Colonial Revival-style double-pedestal desk in the collection of the White House. Made in 1903, it is one of only six desks to have been used by U.S. presidents in the Oval Office.
Chelsea Liu or Liu Jiaxi is an American pair skater, who currently skates with Xie Zhong for China. With Brian Johnson, she won two medals on the ISU Challenger Series. They also competed together at one ISU Junior Grand Prix Final and two World Junior Championships.
Osmar Mares Martinez is a Mexican footballer who plays as a defender. Mares has been capped for the Mexico national team at the U-20 level, and played in the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Canada.
The events of the Ip massacre escalated in the early hours of 14 September 1940, in Ip, Slaj. After two Hungarian soldiers died there in an accidental explosion, rumors spread that they had been killed by Romanians. After another incident the Hungarian Army, influenced by the rumor, indiscriminately killed around 150 ethnic Romanians in the nearby locations and surrounding areas.
Christella is a genus of around 70-80 species of ferns in the subfamily Thelypteridoideae of the family Thelypteridaceae in the Pteridophyte Phylogeny Group classification of 2016. Other sources sink Christella into a very broadly defined genus Thelypteris. The genus was named after Konrad H. Christ, a Swiss botanist. The distribution of these plants is mostly in the tropics and sub tropical areas. An Australian example is C. dentata.
The Aprilia Tuono is a naked motorcycle manufactured by Aprilia from 2002. It is based on the Aprilia RSV Mille. Its successor, the Aprilia RSV1000R superbike shares its engine, gearbox, frame and, partly, its suspension. The Tuono was succeeded by the Aprilia Tuono V4 R for model year 2011, though the V2 model continued in production into the 2011 model year.
General Electric Research Laboratory was the first industrial research facility in the United States. Established in 1900, the lab was home to the early technological breakthroughs of General Electric and created a research and development environment that set the standard for industrial innovation for years to come. It developed into GE Global Research that now covers an array of technological research, ranging from healthcare to transportation systems, at multiple locations throughout the world. Its campus in Schenectady, New York was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1975.
Houghton and Sunderland South is a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2010 by Bridget Phillipson of the Labour Party. In the 2010 and 2015 general elections, it was the first constituency to declare its result, continuing the record of its predecessor seat, Sunderland South, in the four general elections from 1992-2005. However, in the 2017 and 2019 general elections, it was beaten by Newcastle upon Tyne Central.
Orange County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2010 census, the population was 133,801. Its county seat is Hillsborough.
Jimmie Lawrence Vaughan is an American blues rock guitarist and singer based in Austin, Texas. He is the older brother of the late Texas blues guitarist Stevie Ray Vaughan.
"St Mary's Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Barton Bendish, Norfolk, England. It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner was of the opinion that its west door is ""one of the best Norman doorways in England"". The church stands in an isolated position to the west of the village."
The Neath River Swing Bridge is a swing bridge over the River Neath, in Wales. It carried the former Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway near Skewen. The bridge was constructed as a result of the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway Act of 1892, which aimed to provide access along the length of the river from wharves and jetties down past Briton Ferry.
The 1832 United Kingdom general election in Ireland saw the emergence of the Repeal Association as a major political movement in Ireland. The Association, led by Daniel O'Connell, aimed to repeal the 1800 Acts of Union and restore Ireland to the status enjoyed after the reforms of 1782, while maintaining Catholic emancipation.
Louis-Marie Baudouin was a French Roman Catholic priest who was the founder of the Sons of Mary Immaculate and also the Ursulines of Jesus.
Arsiè is a comune in the province of Belluno in the Italian region of Veneto, located about 80 kilometres northwest of Venice and about 40 kilometres southwest of Belluno. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,748 and an area of 65.0 square kilometres.
Beluša is a large village and municipality in Púchov District in the Trenín Region of north-western Slovakia. It is located in the northern parts of the Ilava Basin and is one of the largest communities of the Považie region.
Karain Cave is a Paleolithic archaeological site located at Yaca Village 27 km northwest of Antalya city in the Mediterranean region of Turkey.
Montfarville is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Palisades is an American rock band from Iselin, New Jersey. Formed in 2011, the band signed to Rise Records the following year. The band has released four studio albums; Outcasts in 2012, Mind Games in 2015, a self-titled album in 2017, and their most recent Erase The Pain on December 28, 2018.
Wilburtha is a section of Ewing Township in Mercer County, New Jersey, United States. Located where Wilburtha Road crosses the Delaware and Raritan Canal, it is one of the oldest settlements in Ewing Township and developed due to the construction of the canal in the early 19th century. The community was known as Greensburg before adopting its current name in 1883. The Yardley–Wilburtha Bridge once connected Wilburtha to Yardley, Pennsylvania on the other side of the Delaware River. The Belvidere Delaware Railroad once passed through the village. Today, Wilburtha is primarily a residential neighborhood consisting of detached, single-family homes, the majority of which were built in the 1950s through the early 1980s.
The St. Johns and Lake Eustis Railway was a historic railroad in northern Central Florida. It ran from Astor on the St. Johns River south to Fort Mason and along Lake Eustis to Tavares and Lane Park. It also had track from Fort Mason to Leesburg, where it connected to the Florida Southern Railway.
G. Madhavan Nair was the former Chairman of Indian Space Research Organisation and Secretary to the Department of Space, Government of India. He has also been the Chairman of the Space Commission and Chairman of the Governing Body of the Antrix Corporation, Bangalore. He was Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Indian Institute of Technology Patna until he stepped down due to his involvement in a controversial deal relating to sale of radio spectrum bandwidth involving Antrix. He was subsequently barred from holding any government positions.
The Eighth Route Army, officially known as the 18th Group Army of the National Revolutionary Army of the Republic of China, was a group army under the command of the Chinese Communist Party, nominally within the structure of the Chinese military headed by the Chinese Nationalist Party during the Second Sino-Japanese War.
The Vlora was a cargo ship built in 1960 in Ancona that sailed under the Albanian flag until 1996.
Pleasant Valley Crossroads is an unincorporated community located within Holmdel Township in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. Route 34 and County Route 520 are major roads in this area.
The Church of the Holy Agony was a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, located at 1834 Third Avenue and 101st Street, in the East Harlem section of Manhattan, New York City. The parish was established in 1930 as a mission of Our Lady of the Miraculous Medal. The parish is staffed by the Vincentian Fathers.
Zona Universitària is a station in the Barcelona Metro and Trambaix networks, in the Les Corts district of Barcelona. It is currently the western terminus of metro line L3 and L9. Also it's served by tram lines T1, T2 and T3. It is named after the Universitat de Barcelona campus of the same name.
Northwest Township is one of the twelve townships of Williams County, Ohio, United States. The 2000 census found 1,384 people in the township.
The Tsardom of Bulgaria, also referred to as the Third Bulgarian Tsardom, was a constitutional monarchy in Eastern and Southeastern Europe, which was established on 5 October 1908, when the Bulgarian state was raised from a principality to a Tsardom. Ferdinand was crowned a Tsar at the Declaration of Independence, mainly because of his military plans and for seeking options for unification of all lands in the Balkans region with an ethnic Bulgarian majority.
The Heinkel He 57 was a single engine amphibious flying boat built in 1929.
Utica Township is one of twelve townships in Clark County, Indiana. As of the 2010 census, its population was 6,016 and it contained 2,422 housing units.
Hruškovica is a settlement in the Vrbovec administrative territory of Zagreb County, Croatia. As of 2011 it had a population of 71 people.
The Zhengzhou–Yuntaishan Expressway, abbreviated as Zhengyun Expressway and designated as S87 in Henan's expressway system, is 65.5-kilometre long regional expressway in Henan, China. The expressway connects Zhengzhou, the capital of Henan province, and the famous scenic area of Yuntai Mountain.
Ice hockey in the People's Republic of China is a minor sport that is gaining popularity quickly in the country. The history of ice hockey in China dates back to the mid-20th century. The Chinese Ice Hockey Association acts as the governing body for the sport in the country. China has men's, women's, and junior national teams that compete against other national teams. The China national ice hockey teams are making major preparations for improvements in order to be competitive for the 2022 Winter Olympics.
The 1998 Atlantic hurricane season was one of the most disastrous Atlantic hurricane seasons on record, featuring the highest number of storm-related fatalities in over 218 years and one of the costliest ever at the time. The season had above average activity, due to the dissipation of the El Niño event and transitioned to La Niña conditions. It officially began on June 1 and ended on November 30, dates which conventionally delimit the period during which most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic Ocean. The first tropical cyclone, Tropical Storm Alex, developed on July 27, and the season's final storm, Hurricane Nicole, became extratropical on December 1.
Fyodorov is a district of Kostanay Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Fyodorovka. Population: 27,389; 28,348; 37,973.
Aouda, a character in Around the World in Eighty Days by Jules Verne, is an Indian princess accompanied by Phileas Fogg and Passepartout. The daughter of a Bombay Parsi merchant, she was married against her will to the Hindu ruler of Bundelkhand, an Indian princely state. At the death of her husband, she is about to be sacrificed by Hindu monks as a sati at her husband's funeral pyre.
Valley Junction is an unincorporated community located in the town of Byron, Monroe County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located at the intersection of Wisconsin Highway 173, County Highway G, and County Highway N.
Saint Jean-Théophane Vénard, M.E.P. was a
Kazusa-Ichinomiya Station is a railway station operated by JR East's Sotob Line located in Ichinomiya, Chiba Prefecture, Japan. It is 43.0 kilometers from the terminus of the Sotob Line at Chiba Station.
"Hollywood Zakoshisyoh is a Japanese comedian from Shimizu-shi, Shizuoka Prefecture who has appeared in many television variety shows, as well as television dramas, radio and web series. His real name is Shigeki Nakazawa. After going through Yoshimoto Kogyo and Watanabe Entertainment, he currently belongs to the SMA NEET Project. His stage name during his kombi years was Zakoshisyoh. His is nicknamed ""Zakoshi,"" ""Zakoshisyoh"". Martial artist Shinya Aoki is his cousin.
One Rincon Hill is an upscale residential complex on the apex of Rincon Hill in San Francisco, California, United States. The complex, designed by Solomon, Cordwell, Buenz and Associates and developed by Urban West Associates, consists of two skyscrapers that share a common townhouse podium. It is part of the San Francisco Skyline and is visible from Mt. Diablo, Port of Oakland and San Francisco.
The Aterian is a Middle Stone Age stone tool industry centered in North Africa, but also possibly found in Oman and the Thar Desert. The earliest Aterian dates to c. 145,000 years ago, at the site of Ifri n'Ammar in Morocco. However, most of the early dates cluster around the beginning of the Last Interglacial, around 150,000 to 130,000 years ago, when the environment of North Africa began to ameliorate. The Aterian disappeared around 20,000 years ago.
Noasaurus was a small meat-eating dinosaur. It lived at a time when some of the biggest dinosaurs ever to live were roaming South America. Although it had some of the same characteristics as raptors that lived in North America and Asia, it was not a close relative. This little hunter is a good example of how dinosaurs filled lots of roles in the environment. Not only were dinosaurs the biggest hunters, but they were also among the smallest.
The Sabine is a cultivar of olives grown primarily in Corsica. In the Balagne region of Haute-Corse it is the main variety. The olive yields an exceptionally high amount of oil; more than 30%. Vulnerable to certain biological pests, it is relatively tolerant of cold. The Sabine olive variety should not be confused with the olive oil produced in the Sabina region of Italy.
Lacanau is a commune on the Atlantic Ocean in southwestern France.
Seyyed Mohammad-Sadegh Tabatabaei was an Iranian politician, constitutionalist activist affiliated with the Secret Society and journalist.
Peyrusse-le-Roc is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.
The Asticus Building is an architecturally notable building at 21 Palmer Street in the City of Westminster, London.
Yasuhito, Prince Chichibu, was the second son of Emperor Taish and Empress Teimei, a younger brother of Emperor Shwa and a general in the Imperial Japanese Army. As a member of the Imperial House of Japan, he was the patron of several sporting, medical, and international exchange organizations. Before and after World War II, the English-speaking prince and his wife attempted to foster good relations between Japan and the United Kingdom and enjoyed a good rapport with the British royal family. As with other Japanese imperial princes of his generation, he was an active-duty career officer in the Imperial Japanese Army. Like all members of the imperial family, he was exonerated from criminal prosecutions before the Tokyo tribunal by Douglas MacArthur.
HMS Daring and HMS Decoy together made up the Daring class of torpedo boat destroyers which served with the Royal Navy during the turn of the 19th and 20th centuries. On trial she made headlines as the 'Fastest Boat Ever'. The introduction of steam turbines after 1897 quickly made her and her sisters obsolete and she was sold off in 1912.
Balagny-Saint-Épin is a railway station located in the commune of Balagny-sur-Thérain in the Oise department, France, it is also located near the settlement of Saint-Épin in the commune of Bury. The station is served by TER Hauts-de-France trains. The schedule is available on the SNCF TER Picardie website.
Wilbur McKee White was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Amador City is a city in Amador County, California, United States. The population was 185 at the 2010 census, down from 196 at the 2000 census. Amador City is noted for being the smallest city in California by size.
The Chief of Staff of the Army is the operational head and service chief of the United States Army. As the highest ranking officer assigned to serve in the Department of the Army, the CSA is the principal military advisor and a deputy to the Secretary of the Army. In a separate capacity, the CSA is a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and, thereby, a military advisor to the National Security Council, the Secretary of Defense, and the President of the United States. The CSA is typically the highest-ranking officer on active-duty in the U.S. Army unless the Chairman or the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff are Army officers.
Panic Years is an alternative/indie rock band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Jubilee Reservoir is a reservoir in Hong Kong. It is located in Shing Mun, the area between Tsuen Wan and Sha Tin, in the New Territories.
Saint Paul's Abbey in Lavanttal is a Benedictine monastery established in 1091 near the present-day market town of Sankt Paul im Lavanttal in the Austrian state of Carinthia. The premises centered on the Romanesque monastery church were largely rebuilt in a Baroque style in the 17th century.
Din l-Art elwa is a non-governmental and non-profit, voluntary organisation founded in 1968 by Maltese Judge Maurice Caruana Curran to safeguard Malta's cultural heritage and natural environment. Since its foundation, Din l-Art elwa has restored numerous cultural sites of historic and environmental importance. The organisation promotes the preservation and protection of historic buildings and monuments, the character of Malta's towns and villages, and places of natural beauty. They stimulate the enforcement of existing laws and the enactment of new ones for the protection of Malta's natural and built heritage.
Cinobaa is a village and municipality in the Poltár District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia. It belongs to the largest municipalities in Poltár District, together with Málinec.
John William Ponsonby, 4th Earl of Bessborough, PC, known as Viscount Duncannon from 1793 to 1844, was a British Whig politician. He was notably Home Secretary in 1834 and served as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland between 1846 and 1847, the first years of the Great Famine.
The Skyleader GP One is a Czech ultralight aircraft, designed and produced by Skyleader Aircraft and introduced at the AERO Friedrichshafen show in 2010. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
Kirill Vladimirovich Kombarov is a Russian footballer who currently plays as a right-back for FC Arsenal Tula in the Russian Premier League. He is an identical twin brother of Dmitri Kombarov.
Mazagran is a French village, part of the municipality of Tourcelles-Chaumont, in the department of Ardennes, Grand Est.
Mount Gerizim is one of the two mountains in the immediate vicinity of the key West Bank city of Nablus, and forms the southern side of the valley in which Nablus is situated, the northern side being formed by Mount Ebal. The mountain is one of the highest peaks in the West Bank and rises to 881 m above sea level, 70 m lower than Mount Ebal. In Samaritan tradition, Mount Gerizim is held to be the highest, oldest and most central mountain in the world. The mountain is particularly steep on the northern side, is sparsely covered at the top with shrubbery, and lower down there is a spring with a high yield of fresh water.
Big Joe 1 launched an uncrewed boilerplate Mercury capsule from Cape Canaveral, Florida on 9 September 1959. The purposes of the Big Joe 1 were to test the Mercury spacecraft ablative heat shield, afterbody heating, reentry dynamics attitude control and recovery capability. It was also the first launch of a spacecraft in Project Mercury.
Iselsberg-Stronach is a municipality in the district of Lienz in Austrian state of Tyrol.
Emjejane is a small farming town situated between Kaapmuiden and Komatipoort on a southern tributary of the Crocodile River in Mpumalanga, South Africa. The farms in the region produce sugarcane, subtropical fruit and vegetables. The stream is named after a dog belonging to S de Kock, chief surveyor of the Pretoria - Delagoa Bay railway line.
The ÖBB Class 2143 is a class of diesel-hydraulic locomotives operated by Austrian Federal Railways in Austria.
Tamsa is a village in Nõo Parish, Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
Maryland Route 336 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Maryland. Known as Lakesville Road, the state highway runs 4.87 miles from Crossroads east to Andrews Road near Crapo in southern Dorchester County. MD 336 provides access to several small communities on the Bishops Head peninsula. The state highway was paved along its present length in the mid-1920s. MD 336 was extended through Crapo in the mid-1930s and to Toddville in 1950. The eastern terminus was rolled back to its present location in 1959.
The South Taiwan monsoon rain forests ecoregion covers the southern tip of Taiwan, 200 km east of the mainland. The area is one of high biodiversity, due to its location between temperate and subtropical zones, its monsoon exposure, and its high altitude variation.
"Elijah Burke is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for wrestling for World Wrestling Entertainment on its ECW brand under his real name and for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name ""The Pope"" D'Angelo Dinero. He currently works for Ohio Valley Wrestling."
Zygmunt Krasiski was a Polish poet traditionally ranked with Adam Mickiewicz and Juliusz Sowacki as one of Poland's Three Bards – the trio of Romantic poets who influenced national consciousness in the period of Poland's political bondage. He was the most famous member of the aristocratic Krasiski family.
Gorzanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kodzka, within Kodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. There is a large Gorzanów Castle in the village.
The Broom-Braden Stone House is a historic residence located near the city of Cambridge in Guernsey County, Ohio, United States. Home to a prominent early citizen of the area, it is one of Guernsey County's best early houses still in existence, and it has been named a historic site.
Joe May was an Austrian film director and film producer and one of the pioneers of German cinema.
"Kantishna is an unincorporated community in Denali Borough, Alaska, United States, within Denali National Park and Preserve. Founded as a gold mining camp in 1905, it endured longer than similar communities in the area, having been constructed nearest to the source of the gold. It lies in the Kantishna Hills at the junction of Eureka Creek and Moose Creek, 3 mi northwest of Wonder Lake, and near the mouth of the Kantishna River. Although the community was once also called ""Eureka"", the Board on Geographic Names officially ruled in favor of ""Kantishna"" in 1944, the name given to the post office that was built at the site in 1905. Its elevation is 1,696 feet."
Theodor Fontane was a German novelist and poet, regarded by many as the most important 19th-century German-language realist author. He published the first of his novels, for which he is best known today, only at age 58 after a career as a journalist.
Tanna japonensis, also called the evening cicada or higurashi, is a species of cicada, a family of insects, and a member of the genus Tanna. It is distributed throughout East Asia, and is most common in Japan. Its shrill call can be heard most often in the morning and evening.
Pucciniastrum epilobii is a plant pathogen infecting fuchsias.
The 2012–13 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season was a slightly above average event in tropical cyclone formation in the Southern hemisphere tropical cyclone year starting on July 1, 2012, and ending on June 30, 2013. Within this basin, tropical and subtropical disturbances are officially monitored by the Regional Specialised Meteorological Centre on Réunion island, while the Mauritius and Madagascar weather services assign names to significant tropical and subtropical disturbances. The first tropical disturbance of the season developed on October 12 and rapidly developed into the earliest known intense tropical cyclone on record during October 14.
"The simians are the ""higher primates"" familiar to most people are the Old World monkeys and apes, including humans and the New World monkeys. Simians tend to be larger than the ""lower primates"" or prosimians."
"Franciszek ""Frank"" Gruszka, Polish soldier, Flying Officer of the Royal Air Force during the Battle of Britain. He was one of the first Polish airmen flying the Spitfire and the last pilot of the Battle buried with honors.
Comércio is a neighborhood of Salvador, Bahia, Brazil. The district served as the port of entry to Salvador from the beginning of the colonial period and later became home to the first planned business district in Brazil. It remains a financial center in the state of Bahia, as well as a municipal transportation hub and tourist destination. Comércio is home to numerous national heritage sites dating from the early colonial period to the 20th century. Comércio as a whole was listed as a national historic district of Brazil by the National Institute of Historic and Artistic Heritage in 2008.
Kocielec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres east of Proszowice and 36 km north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
Serrano River is a river located in the Magallanes Region of Chile. Its main tributary is Grey River. The Serrano Glacier is an attraction on the river. The waters of the Serrano River eventually reach Seno Ultima Esperanza.
"Yeonguijeong was a title created in 1400, during the Joseon Kingdom and the Korean Empire times and given to the Chief State Councillor as the highest government position of ""Uijeongbu"". Existing for over 500 years, the function was handed over in 1895 during the Gabo Reform to the newly formed position of Prime Minister of Korea. Only one official at a time was appointed to the position and though was generally called Yeongsang, was also referred to as Sangsang, Sugyu or Wonbo. Although, the title of Yeonguijeong was defined as the highest post in charge of every state affairs by law, its practical functions changed drastically depending on the particular King and whether that King's power was strong or weak."
The Temple of Claudius or Temple of the Deified Claudius was a large octastyle temple built in Camulodunum, the modern Colchester in Essex. The main building was constructed between 49 and 60 CE, although additions were built throughout the Roman-era. Today it forms the base of the Norman Colchester Castle. It is one of at least eight Roman-era pagan temples in Colchester, and was the largest temple of its kind in Roman Britain; its current remains potentially represent the earliest existing Roman stonework in the country.
Louise Friberg is a Swedish professional golfer who played on the Ladies European Tour and the United States-based LPGA Tour.
General The Hon. Sir St. George Gerald Foley KCB was a British Army officer who became Lieutenant Governor of Guernsey.
Sir Keith Edward Mills GBE DL is an English entrepreneur and deputy chairman of the London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games.
Tom Van Landuyt is a Belgian actor and singer probably best known for his role as Tom Smiths in the Belgian drama film Ad Fundum. He has also starred in numerous Flemish movies, Television series and on stage. In 2002, he married the Dutch actress Angela Schijf.
V. Narry Kim is a South Korean biochemist and microbiologist, best known for her work on microRNA biogenesis. Her pioneering studies have laid the groundwork for the biology of microRNA and contributed to the improvement of RNA interference technologies.
As'ad AbuKhalil is a Lebanese-American professor of political science at California State University, Stanislaus.
Anna Gavalda is a French teacher and award-winning novelist.
Zams is a municipality in the district of Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol.
Science Park station is an elevated light rail station on the MBTA Green Line. It is located at the Boston end of the Old Charles River Dam at Leverett Circle, near the intersection of Nashua Street and Charles Street. The station is located at the south end of the Lechmere Viaduct, which carries the Green Line over the Charles River Prior. The station is named for the nearby Boston Museum of Science. With 873 daily boardings by a FY 2019 count, Science Park is the least-used fare-controlled station on the Green Line.
Oleksandr Sytnik is a professional Ukrainian football striker who recently played for Kapaz in the Azerbaijan Premier League. He spent time with Metalurh Donetsk after a summer transfer season of 2007 from Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk. In 2009, he played several games for Zakarpattia Uzhhorod and in April 2010 signed with Zirka Kirovohrad.
Argenteuil—Papineau—Mirabel was a federal electoral district in Quebec, Canada, that was represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1867 to 2015.
The Candia Four Corners is an unincorporated community located near the center of the town of Candia, New Hampshire, in the United States.
Yamato is a city located in central Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
The Hamilton Grange Branch of the New York Public Library is a historic library building located in Hamilton Heights, New York City. It was designed by McKim, Mead & White and built in 1905–1906. The branch was one of 65 built by the New York Public Library with funds provided by the philanthropist Andrew Carnegie, 11 of them designed by McKim, Mead & White. It is a three-story-high, five-bay-wide building faced in deeply rusticated gray limestone in an Italian Renaissance style. The building features round arched openings on the first floor and bronze lamps and grilles.
Pluteus leoninus, commonly known as lion shield, can occasionally be found growing on dead wood in Europe and North Africa. The underside of the cap is typical of the genus Pluteus — the gills are pale, soon becoming pink when the spores ripen. But the upper surface is a bright tawny or olivaceous yellow. The species name leoninus refers to this cap colour.
Oden is a town in Montgomery County, Arkansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 232.
Sodium monothiophosphate, or sodium phosphorothioate, is an inorganic compound with the molecular formula NaPOS. All are white solids. The anhydrous material decomposes without melting at 120-125 °C. More common is the dodecahydrate. A nonahydrate is also known.
Itaboraí is a city in the state of Rio de Janeiro in Brazil, that belongs to the Rio de Janeiro metropolitan area. It was founded in 1672. In 2018, it had a population of 238,695.
Kevin Owen McCarthy is an American politician serving as House Minority Leader in the United States House of Representatives since 2019. A member of the Republican Party, he previously served as House Majority Leader under Speakers John Boehner and Paul Ryan from 2014 to 2019. He has been the U.S. Representative for California's 23rd congressional district since 2007.
Eirdir is a lake in the Lakes Region of Turkey. The town of Eirdir lies near its southern end, 107 kilometers north of Antalya. With an area of 482 square kilometres it is the fourth largest lake in Turkey, and the second largest freshwater lake.
Nekimi, sometimes called Nekemi, is a town in Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,429 at the 2010 census. The unincorporated communities of Fitzgerald and Ring are located in the town. A part of the grounds for EAA AirVenture Oshkosh are located with-in the town.
The Crystal Palace and South London Junction Railway was authorised to build a line from Peckham Rye railway station to a terminus at Crystal Palace in 1862, in order to serve the attraction of the Crystal Palace.
Mantelliceras is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus belonging to the family Acanthoceratidae and type for the Mantelliceratinae, that lived from the Late Albian to the late Cenomanian stage of the Late Cretaceous.
Midland is a city in the American state of Texas. It is called Midland, because it is the midway point between two bigger cities in Texas, Fort Worth and El Paso. Oil was discovered in the region in 1923 and is still a larger part of the economy.
"The Sacred Shrine of Ss. Peter, Paul and St. Philomena is a Grade II listed Church in Atherton Street, New Brighton, Wirral, England. It has a green dome, from which it has gained the name ""The Dome of Home"" from local people. The origins of this nickname date back to the mid 20th century, when sailors would recognise they were close to Merseyside when they could see the church."
Kentrocapros is a genus of deepwater boxfishes native to coastal waters of the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
"Sawyer Brown is an American country music band. It was founded in 1981 in Apopka, Florida, by Mark Miller, Gregg ""Hobie"" Hubbard, Bobby Randall, Joe ""Curly"" Smyth, and Jim Scholten. The five musicians were originally members of country singer Don King's road band, but chose to stay together after King retired in 1981. After competing on the television competition series Star Search and winning that show's grand prize, they signed to Capitol Records in 1984. The band recorded for Capitol between then and 1991, and for Curb Records between then and 2005, except for a short time in 2003 when they were signed to Lyric Street Records. Duncan Cameron, formerly of the Amazing Rhythm Aces, replaced Randall in 1991, and Shayne Hill replaced him in 2004.
Vougeot is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department and Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France.
The CB1000 is a 998 cc standard motorcycle made by Honda from 1992 to 1996. In the US it was only sold in 1994 and 1995. The motor was a version of the CBR1000F.
Kamakura-g is a shrine in Kamakura, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan. It was erected by Emperor Meiji in 1869 to enshrine the spirit of Prince Morinaga, who was imprisoned and later executed where the shrine now stands in 1335 by order of Ashikaga Tadayoshi. For this reason, the shrine is also known as tnomiya or Daitnomiya from the Prince's full name.
The South African Railways Class 14 4-8-2 of 1913 was a steam locomotive.
Mount Lowell is a 3,150 metres mountain summit located in the Athabasca River valley of Jasper National Park, in the Canadian Rockies of Alberta, Canada. The name has not been officially adopted yet for this peak. It is situated at the head of Fryatt Creek Valley on the same high ridge as Mount Christie, Xerxes Peak, and Brussels Peak which is the nearest higher peak, 2.0 km to the north. Mount Lowell can be seen from the Icefields Parkway.
Niedermodern is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Peter den Oudsten is a Dutch politician from the Labour Party. Currently, he is Mayor of Groningen, a position he has held since 1 January 2015. He has succeeded Ruud Vreeman in this position. Previously, he was mayor of Meppel and Enschede.
David Michael Avis is a Canadian and British computer scientist known for his contributions to geometric computations. Avis is a professor in computational geometry and applied mathematics in the School of Computer Science, McGill University, in Montreal. Since 2010, he belongs to Department of Communications and Computer Engineering, School of Informatics, Kyoto University.
Congregation Sherith Israel is one of the oldest synagogues in the United States. It was established during California’s Gold Rush period and reflects the ambitions of early Jewish settlers to San Francisco. Today it is a congregation widely known for its innovative approach to worship and lifecycle celebrations and is part of the movement of Reform Judaism. Its historic sanctuary building is one of San Francisco's most prominent architectural landmarks and attracts visitors from all over the world.
Martina Dlabajová is a Czech businesswoman and international consultant, former president of the Regional Chamber of Commerce of the Zlín Region. Since 2014 she has been a Member of the European Parliament.
Mérida Municipality is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing of land with the head or seat being the city of Mérida. Because the archaeological remains of the Maya reminded the Spaniards of the ancient city of Mérida, Spain, which was marked by Roman archaeological sites, they renamed the site of T-hó after the Spanish city.
The Paramount Theater is an historic theater located at 1676-1708 Main Street in Springfield, Massachusetts. Built in 1926 out of part of the grand Massasoit Hotel at a cost of over $1 million, the Paramount Theater was the most ornate picture palace in Western Massachusetts. As of 2011, The Paramount is in the midst of a $1.725 million renovation to once again become a theater after decade as a disco and concert hall, when it was the center of Springfield's club scene. In 2018 the building's owners, the New England Farm Workers Council, announced plans to redevelop it in tandem with a new adjacent hotel building. In a push to renovate the Paramount along with Holyoke's Victory Theater, in October 2018, the administration of Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker announced a $2.5 million grant to assist the project, on top of a $4 million federal loan guarantee. Pending finalizing funding for the combined restoration and new hotel, no construction timeline has been presented as of 2019.
Bishop Mora Salesian High School is an all-male Roman Catholic high school located in the Boyle Heights community of Los Angeles, California. The school mascot is the Mustangs. It was named after Francisco Mora y Borrell, Bishop of the former Monterey-Los Angeles Diocese. Salesian is also named after St. Francis de Sales. The high school is operated by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles and associated with the Salesian Society.
Ichnocarpus frutescens is a species of flowering plant in the dogbane family Apocynaceae, known by the English common name black creeper. It is native to much of China, India, Southeast Asia, and northern Australia.
"Guatapé is a town and municipality in the Department of Antioquia, Colombia. It is a part of the subregion of Eastern Antioquia and is located 79 kilometres away from Medellín. Guatapé is bordered on the north by Alejandría, San Rafael to the east, and Granada and El Peñol to the south. This town is the gathering place for ""Las Vegas"", or the small farms of the area.
Píš is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It is a part of the micro-region Hluínsko and has approximately 2,100 inhabitants.
Limeil-Brévannes is a commune in the southeastern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located 15.3 km from the center of Paris.
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is an 1876 novel by Mark Twain about a young boy growing up along the Mississippi River. It is set in the 1840s in the fictional town of St. Petersburg, inspired by Hannibal, Missouri, where Twain lived as a boy. In the novel Tom Sawyer has several adventures, often with his friend Huckleberry Finn. Originally a commercial failure, the book ended up being the best selling of any of Twain's works during his lifetime.
Mikhail Vasilyevich Nesterov was a Russian and Soviet painter; associated with the Peredvizhniki and Mir Iskusstva. He was one of the first exponents of Symbolist art in Russia.
Roberta Metsola Tedesco Triccas is a Member of the European Parliament representing Malta.
Natércia is a municipality in southern Minas Gerais State, Brazil.
The fangtooth moray is a moray eel of the family Muraenidae found in warmer parts of the eastern Atlantic Ocean, including the Mediterranean Sea, Canary Islands, Madeira and various other islands.
Trifolium fragiferum, the strawberry clover, is a herbaceous perennial plant species in the bean family Fabaceae. It is native to Europe, Asia, and parts of Africa. It is present in other places, such as sections of North America, as an introduced species. It is also cultivated as a cover crop and for hay and silage, as green manure, and as a bee plant.
The McCulloch Model MC-4 was an American tandem-rotor helicopter and was the first helicopter developed by McCulloch Aircraft Corporation, a division of McCulloch Motors Corporation. It was evaluated by the United States Army as the YH-30 and the United States Navy as the XHUM-1.
Newport News/Williamsburg International Airport is in Newport News, Virginia, United States, and serves the Hampton Roads area along with Norfolk International Airport in Norfolk. The airport is owned and operated by the Peninsula Airport Commission, a political subdivision of the Commonwealth of Virginia. PHF covers 1,800 acres.
Plasmopara is a genus of Oomycota. Plasmopara species are plant pathogens, causing downy mildew on carrot, parsley, parsnip, chervil, and impatiens.
Milefortlet 22 was a Milefortlet of the Roman Cumbrian Coast defences. These milefortlets and intervening stone watchtowers extended from the western end of Hadrian's Wall, along the Cumbrian coast and were linked by a wooden palisade. They were contemporary with defensive structures on Hadrian's Wall. There is little to see on the ground, but Milefortlet 22 has been located and excavated.
Huancavelica or Wankawilka in Quechua is a city in Peru. It is the capital of the department of Huancavelica and according to the 2017 census had a population of 49,570 people. The city was established on August 5, 1572 by the Viceroy of Peru Francisco de Toledo. Indigenous peoples represent a major percentage of the population. It has an approximate altitude of 3,676 meters; the climate is cold and dry between the months of February and August with a rainy season between September and January. It is considered one of the poorest cities in Peru.
In molecular biology, Small Cajal body specific RNA 20 is a small nucleolar RNA found in Cajal bodies and believed to be involved in the pseudouridylation of U12 minor spliceosomal RNA.
St. Jago's Arch is a historic sandstone arch in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. It is the original entrance to a 16th-century Spanish church located at the southern limits of the old town.
6th Communication Battalion is a communications battalion in the United States Marine Corps. It is part of Force Headquarters Group Marine Forces Reserve. The unit is headquartered out of Floyd Bennett Field, Brooklyn, New York and out of the Armed Forces Reserve Center, Farmingdale, New York. The unit specializes in communications and is trained to provide radio, cyber, wire/switching, and satellite services to support Marine Expeditionary Forces. 6th Communication Battalion also serves the surrounding New York community by running the Toys for Tots program in the New York City and Long Island area, attending parades and memorial services, and providing support for various other community activities that may arise.
Killeagh is a small village located in east County Cork, Munster, Ireland. It is approximately 32 kilometres from Cork city, 10 kilometres west of Youghal and 14 kilometres east of Midleton and is situated on the N25 National Primary route and the former rail line connecting Youghal and Cork.
Frank Coraci is an American film director and screenwriter best known for his work with actor Adam Sandler.
Dairsie Castle is a restored tower house located 1.3 kilometres south of Dairsie in north-east Fife, Scotland. The castle overlooks the River Eden.
Christian d'Oriola was a French fencer. He was a cousin of the Olympic equestrian Pierre Jonquères d'Oriola.
Feichten is a municipality in the district of Altötting in Bavaria in Germany.
"Robert Johansson is a Norwegian ski jumper. He is a former ski flying world record holder, having landed a jump of 252 m in Vikersund on 18 March 2017. Johansson has often been nicknamed the ""Wing Commander"" for his moustache."
Trinity Episcopal Cathedral in Portland, Oregon is a progressive Episcopal congregation and the seat of the Episcopal Diocese of Oregon of The Episcopal Church. The cathedral is located at 147 NW 19th Avenue in Portland, Oregon, in the Northwest District.
Finnish national road 5 is a main route connecting Lusi in the south of the country to Sodankylä in the north. It is 905 kilometres long. National road 5 forms part of the E63 between Vehmasmäki and Sodankylä.
Mowbray Park is a municipal park in the centre of Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, England, located a few hundred yards from the busy thoroughfares of Holmeside and Fawcett Street and bordered by Sunderland Museum and Winter Gardens to the north, Burdon Road to the west, Toward Road to the east and Park Road to the south.
The Greenwater River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. Its watershed drains a portion of the Cascade Range east and northeast of Mount Rainier, including parts of the Norse Peak Wilderness. It flows into the White River at Greenwater, which eventually flows into Puget Sound via the Puyallup River. The Greenwater River defines part of the boundary between King and Pierce counties.
Kozloduy is a town of 13,771 inhabitants in northwest Bulgaria, located in Vratsa Province, on the Danube River. The city was liberated from Ottoman rule on 23 November 1877 by the Romanian Army under the command of the Imperial Russian Army. Kozloduy is best known for the Kozloduy Nuclear Power Plant, Bulgaria's only nuclear power plant, which is located nearby, as well as the second-largest Bulgarian Danubian island, Kozloduy Island. The city is also known for the ship Radetski, the boat in which the poet and revolutionary Hristo Botev and with 200 others crossed the Danube River in a final attempt to gather an army and liberate Bulgaria from the Ottoman Empire.
Furcifer verrucosus, also known as the warty chameleon, spiny chameleon or crocodile chameleon, is a species of small reptile endemic to Madagascar. It was first described by Georges Cuvier in 1829.
"Amos Kendall was an American lawyer, journalist and politician. He rose to prominence as editor-in-chief of the Argus of Western America, an influential newspaper in Frankfort, the capital of the U.S. state of Kentucky. He used his newspaper, writing skills, and extensive political contacts to build the Democratic Party into a national political power. An ardent supporter of Andrew Jackson, he served as United States Postmaster General during the Jackson and Martin Van Buren administrations. He was one of the most influential members of Jackson's ""Kitchen Cabinet"", an unofficial group of Jackson's top appointees and advisors who set administration policy. Returning to private life, Kendall wrote one of the first biographies of Jackson, which was published in 1843. He invested heavily in Samuel Morse's new invention, the telegraph. He became one of the most important figures in the transformation of the American news media in the 19th century."
Tjerkgaast is a village in De Fryske Marren municipality in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands. It had a population of around 380 in 2017.
Gianpietro Marchetti is a retired Italian professional footballer who played as a defender.
Henry County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2010 census, the population was 20,145. The county seat is Mount Pleasant. The county was named for General Henry Dodge, governor of Wisconsin Territory.
Krišjnis Valdemrs was a writer, editor, educator, politician, lexicographer, folklorist and economist, the spiritual leader of The First Latvian National Awakening and the most prominent member of the Young Latvians movement.
Belirang-Beriti is a volcanic complex that rises above the Semalako Plain in the south-west of Sumatra, Indonesia. It contains a 1.2 km-wide volcanic crater.
Frontera is one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in north-eastern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Ciudad Frontera. The municipality covers an area of 506.8 km².
Restrepia chameleon, the Color-changing Restrepia, is a species of orchid endemic to Colombia.
Albert Marcellus DeMao was an American football center in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins from 1945 to 1953. He played college football at Duquesne University and was drafted in the 11th round of the 1942 NFL Draft.
Ciara Conway is a former Irish Labour Party politician who served as a Teachta Dála for the Waterford constituency from 2011 to 2016.
Swan Creek Township is one of the twelve townships of Fulton County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census the population was 8,566, of whom 6,013 lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
The 92 m superyacht Aquarius was launched at the Feadship yard in Aalsmeer. Dutch design company Sinot Exclusive Yacht Design, designed both the interior and exterior of Aquarius.
Haywood Shepherd Hansell Jr. was a general officer in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II, and later the United States Air Force. He became an advocate of the doctrine of strategic bombardment, and was one of the chief architects of the concept of daylight precision bombing that governed the use of airpower by the USAAF in the war.
Boulevard Bridge in the independent city of Richmond, Virginia is a toll bridge which carries State Route 161 across the James River.
Daniel Scheinhardt is a former German footballer who played as a defender.
Mesopotamia Township is one of the twenty-four townships of Trumbull County, Ohio, United States. The 2000 census found 3,051 people in the township.
Kabi Nazrul Government College is a public college located in Laxmi Bazar, Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh. Formerly known as Govt. Kabi Nazrul College.
The Apiaceae or Umbelliferae is a family of usually aromatic plants with hollow stems, commonly known as umbellifers. It includes cumin, parsley, carrot, coriander/cilantro, dill, caraway, fennel, parsnip, celery, anise, Queen Anne's Lace and other relatives. It is a large family with about 300 genera and more than 3,000 species.
Les Promenades Gatineau is a major shopping centre located in Canada's National Capital Region. It is located in the city of Gatineau, Quebec near the intersection of Greber and Maloney Boulevards, one of the city's busiest intersections and just off Autoroute 50. It is the city's biggest mall by retail space and clientele.
Merlevenez is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
The semi-finals of the 1983–84 DFB-Pokal were some of the most memorable matches in the history of German football due to the unusual play patterns and results. Bayern Munich, Werder Bremen, and Borussia Mönchengladbach of the Bundesliga, along with second division side Schalke 04 had all advanced from the quarter-finals. The draw resulted in the following pairings:
Fredrik Henrik af Chapman was a Swedish shipbuilder, scientist and officer in the Swedish navy. He was also manager of the Karlskrona shipyard 1782-1793. Chapman is credited as the world's first person to apply scientific methods to shipbuilding and is considered to be the first naval architect.
John Geoffrey Inge is a bishop in the Church of England. He is currently the Bishop of Worcester in the Diocese of Worcester. From 2003 to 2007, he was Bishop of Huntingdon, a suffragan bishop in the Diocese of Ely.
Talcahuano is a commune, city and port in Chile with 171.383 inhabitants and an area of 92.3 square kilometres, all according to the census of 2002. Additionally, this city is known as the first military, industrial and fishing port in the history of Chile.
Rajdweep is an Indian screenwriter, playwright, lyricist and journalist hails from Dhing, Nagaon, Assam. He has been awarded by Bollywood superstar Aamir Khan for his script 'Ishqlogy' at Cinestaan India's Storyteller's Script Contest in 2018. He is the first lyricist from Assam who writes Assamese songs in Bollywood film. He wrote the songs 'Jiri Jiri' for the film A Death In The Gunj and the bihu song for the film Jagga Jasoos. Again, he becomes the first screenwriter from Assam who signed a Bollywood film. He signed the film on 21 October 2019.
David Villa Sánchez is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a striker. Villa is regarded by pundits as one of the best forwards of his generation, and one of, if not the best Spanish strikers of all time.
The Sayan Alpine meadows and tundra ecoregion is an ecoregion that covers the high areas of the Sayan mountains above the treeline, between the Altai Mountains in the west and Lake Baikal in the east. The area is remote and protects diverse species of alpine flora and fauna. It has an area of 846,149 square kilometres.
Mack South was a census-designated place in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States. The population was 5,837 at the 2000 census. For the 2010 census it was merged into the Mack CDP.
Kreidler is a German band from Düsseldorf, which was founded in 1994. The band combines electronic and analog instruments, and is categorized by critics, depending on the publication, as electronic music, pop, avant-garde, post rock, IDM, ambient, neoclassical, krautrock, or electronica.
"The Hokan language family is a hypothetical grouping of a dozen small language families that were spoken mainly in California, Arizona and Baja California. In the first half-century after the ""Hokan hypothesis"" was first proposed by Roland B. Dixon and Alfred L. Kroeber, and further elaborated by Edward Sapir, little additional evidence was found that these families were related to each other. But since about 1950, increased efforts to document Hokan languages and to establish sound correspondences in proposed lexical resemblance sets have added weight to the Hokan hypothesis, leading to its acceptance by many specialists in the languages of California, Oregon, and Meso-America, although some skepticism remains among scholars.
Guru Somasundaram is an Indian actor who has appeared in Tamil language films. He made his debut in Thiagarajan Kumararaja's Aaranya Kaandam winning critical acclaim for his role, before also appearing in Suseenthiran's action film Pandiya Naadu, Karthik Subbaraj's gangster film Jigarthanda and Raju Murugan's political satire film Joker.
The President of Ukraine is the Ukrainian head of state. The President represents the nation in international relations, administers the foreign political activity of the state, conducts negotiations and concludes international treaties.
Cucullia chamomillae, the chamomile shark, is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Central Europe, Southern Europe, the Near East and North Africa.
Forest Retreat is a historic home of Kentucky governor and United States Senator Thomas Metcalfe, located in Nicholas County, Kentucky. It is currently operated as a Bed & Breakfast and event venue, visit their website at www.forestretreatky.com
Vicq-sur-Mer is a commune in the department of Manche, northwestern France.
A total solar eclipse is forecast to occur on Saturday, September 4, 2100. It will be the last solar eclipse of the 21st century. A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun, thereby totally or partly obscuring the image of the Sun for a viewer on Earth. A total solar eclipse occurs when the Moon's apparent diameter is larger than the Sun's, blocking all direct sunlight, turning day into darkness. Totality occurs in a narrow path across Earth's surface, with the partial solar eclipse visible over a surrounding region thousands of kilometres wide.
John R. Coffee was an American planter and state militia general in Tennessee. He commanded troops under General Andrew Jackson during the Creek Wars and during the Battle of New Orleans in the War of 1812.
Bernardo David Medina is a Paraguayan international footballer who plays for Atlético Grau, as a goalkeeper.
Meyreuil is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France, about 11 km from Aix en Provence.
"Megalara garuda, colloquially referred to as the ""king of wasps"", is a large wasp and the only species in the genus Megalara, family Crabronidae, tribe Larrini. It is only known from the Mekongga Mountains in the southeastern part of the Indonesian island of Sulawesi. It was described in 2012 by Lynn Kimsey, director of the Bohart Museum of Entomology and professor of entomology at the University of California, Davis, and Michael Ohl, curator and head of entomology at the Museum für Naturkunde, Berlin. Rosichon Ubaidillah from the Indonesian Institute of Sciences also contributed the discovery.
Derventio was a small town in the Roman province of Britannia. Today the area is known as Little Chester, on the outskirts of Derby, located in the English county of Derbyshire.
Henry George 'Harry' Saunders was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood and coached Footscray in the Victorian Football League.
HMS King Alfred was one of four Drake-class armoured cruisers built for the Royal Navy around 1900. She served as flagship of the China Station from 1906 until relieved in 1910. Upon her return home that year, she was placed in reserve before being recommissioned in mid-1914. She was assigned to the 6th Cruiser Squadron of the Grand Fleet at the beginning of World War I. She was transferred to the 9th Cruiser Squadron in 1915 and assigned to convoy protection duties by the end of the year. King Alfred participated in the unsuccessful searches for the German commerce raider SMS Möwe in 1916–17 before beginning to escort convoys later that year. The ship was torpedoed by a German submarine in 1918, but returned to service. She was sold for scrap in 1920.
The Metro Mass Transit Limited is a public transportation company in Ghana. The company was set us to provide reliable and affordable means of transport for commuters within villages, towns, and cities as well as provide intercity movement.
Syndemis musculana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe, China, the Korean Peninsula, Japan, Russia and North America.
Petershagen-Eggersdorf is a municipality in the district Märkisch-Oderland, in Brandenburg, Germany.
Radim Neas is a Czech football manager and former player. He played for the Czech Republic four times between 1995 and 2000. Neas made more than 300 top-flight appearances spanning the existence of the Czechoslovak First League and the Gambrinus liga. He also played top-flight football in Greece and Slovakia.
Emíl Wíesel – a painter, museum curator and a board member of the Imperial Academy of Arts, Russia, organizer of international art exhibitions, councilor of Hermitage and Russian museum and Legion of Honor holder. During soviet times he was an expert in Russian and Western fine arts and sculpture in the Glavnauka museum department.
Danebury Hill is a 13.7-hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest north-east of Nether Wallop in Hampshire. It is part of Danebury Hillfort Local Nature Reserve.
"Eisler Liván Hernández Carrera is a Cuban-born former professional baseball pitcher in Major League Baseball. He is the half-brother of pitcher Orlando ""El Duque"" Hernández."
Sona Heiden is an Indian film actress. She was Miss Tamil Nadu in 2002. She became famous for her best item songs in Kollywood movies. She has appeared in the Tamil film, Kuselan in 2008. She launched a fashion store - Uniq - in Chennai, with Shilpa Shetty gracing the launch.
Farmington is an unincorporated community in Washington County, Oregon, United States. It is located on the Tualatin River, a tributary of the Willamette, about eight miles southwest of Beaverton, at the intersection of Oregon Route 10 and River Road. It is about two miles east of the junction of OR 10 with Oregon Route 219. Farmington was one of the earliest settlements in Oregon and was prominent for a time as an important milling and grain-shipping point on the Tualatin when steamships were the principal means of shipping grain along the Willamette River.
Trelleborg Municipality is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. The seat is in Trelleborg.
Japan Airlines Flight 471 was a Japan Airlines international flight from Don Mueang International Airport in Bangkok, Thailand to Palam International Airport in New Delhi, India. On June 14, 1972 the Douglas DC-8-53 operating the flight, registered JA8012, crashed short of the New Delhi airport, killing 82 of 87 occupants: 10 of 11 crew members, and 72 of 76 passengers. Four people on the ground were also killed.
Obermeitingen is a municipality in the district of Landsberg in Bavaria in Germany.
Nijinomatsubara Station is a railway station in Karatsu, Saga Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Kyushu and is on the Chikuhi Line. The station is set within the Nijinomatsubara pine forest, which gives it its name.
Philipp Schörghofer is an Austrian former World Cup alpine ski racer. He represented Austria at two Winter Olympics and four World Championships.
Hannes Ocik is a German rower. He is a dual world champion, an Olympic silver medallist and a five time gold medal winner at European Rowing Championships.
Christopher Yancy Thomas was a politician and lawyer from Virginia.
The 495th Fighter Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the 48th Fighter Wing at RAF Lakenheath, England, operating the General Dynamics F-111F Aardvark.
The Blaser R93 is a German straight-pull action precision rifle offered in a multitude of calibers and barrel lengths. Designed by Blasers' designer Mr. Meinhard Zeh in 1993, it had a number of features rare on modern hunting rifles, including a manual cocking system and a proprietary Blaser saddle scope mount for mounting the optic directly to the quick-change barrel
Microdon mutabilis, is a species of hoverfly. It is found in many parts of Britain and Europe. The distinctive almost slug-like larvae live in ants' nests. They are hemispherical in shape, heavily armoured and believed to prey on the eggs and larvae of a number of ant species, including Formica lemani, Formica fusca, Lasius niger and Myrmica ruginodis. It was described by Carl Linnaeus in his landmark 1758 10th edition of Systema Naturae.
"Dieter ""Didi"" Senft is a German cycling fan who is known as the Didi the Devil or El Diablo at the Tour de France and Giro d'Italia. Since 1993, he has been seen in the Tour and Giro's many stages wearing his red devil costume and painting trident symbols on the road some miles before he appears. Senft said the inspiration for his costume came from secretly watching the Tour de France on West German TV and hearing a broadcaster refer to the red triangular flag that marks the last kilometer as ""the devil's red flag."""
Saint Peter Faber SJ was the first Jesuit priest and theologian, who was also a co-founder of the Society of Jesus, along with Ignatius of Loyola and Francis Xavier. Pope Francis announced his canonization on 17 December 2013.
The white-backed woodpecker is a Eurasian woodpecker belonging to the genus Dendrocopos.
Glenmoore is an unincorporated community located within Hopewell Township in Mercer County, New Jersey, United States. Single-family homes make up most of the land in the area though two golf courses, the Hopewell Valley Golf Club and the Stonybrook Golf Club, are located in Glenmoore. The settlement is centered about the intersection of Pennington-Hopewell Road and Moores Mill-Mount Rose Road.
Aneurophyton is a genus of extinct vascular plants that belong to the Aneurophytales, a class of progymnosperms. The genus is primarily known from records of two well-known species found in mostly Middle Devonian and Upper Devonian outcrops in Belgium, China, Germany, and the United States. Some uncertain species within the genus are also recorded from Middle Devonian outcrops in Kazakhstan, Russia, and the Ukraine. While a number of species have been described in the paleobotanical literature, the genus likely only contains two well-circumscribed species, A. germanicum and A. doui, and possibly a third species, A. olnense, from Fammenian outcrops in Belgium. If the ages of the Early Devonian records of A. germanicum reported from Siberia are confirmed, these would constitute the oldest records of this genus.
Grandchester Sawmills is a heritage-listed sawmill business at Symes Street, Grandchester, City of Ipswich, Queensland, Australia. It was built in 1941. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
Anoh Station is a railway station in Tin, Mie, Mie Prefecture, Japan. It is located 8.0 rail kilometres from the terminus of the Hokusei Line at Nishi-Kuwana Station.
The Port of Dar es-Salaam is the principal port serving Tanzania. The port is one of three ocean ports in the country and handles over 90% of the country's cargo traffic. According to the International Association of Ports and Harbors, it is the fourth largest port on the African continent's Indian Ocean coastline after Durban, Mombasa and Maputo. The port acts as a gateway for commerce and trade for Tanzania and numerous bordering landlocked states. For years the inefficiencies at the port has cost the regional economy millions of dollars; in 2012 the total global welfare loss caused by the inefficiencies of the port stood at US$1.8 billion for the Tanzanian economy and 830 million US dollars for the neighbouring countries.
Kim Kulig is a retired German footballer. She last played as a central midfielder or forward for 1. FFC Frankfurt and the German national team.
The Kyle of Sutherland is a river estuary that separates Sutherland from Ross-shire. It flows into the Dornoch Firth and is fed by the rivers Oykel, Shin, River Cassley and Carron.
Abu Ma'shar, Latinized as Albumasar, was an early Persian Muslim astrologer, thought to be the greatest astrologer of the Abbasid court in Baghdad. While he was not a major innovator, his practical manuals for training astrologers profoundly influenced Muslim intellectual history and, through translations, that of western Europe and Byzantium.
Dergachyovsky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the thirty-eight in Saratov Oblast, Russia. It is located in the southeast of the oblast. The area of the district is 4,500 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the urban locality of Dergachi. Population: 21,104; 26,043; 29,971. The population of Dergachi accounts for 39.2% of the district's total population.
Linda B. Rosenthal represents District 67 as a Democrat in the New York State Assembly, which includes parts of Manhattan's Upper West Side and Clinton/Hell's Kitchen neighborhoods.
Ravenwood is a city in Nodaway County, Missouri, United States, near the Platte River. The population was 440 at the 2010 census, at which time it was a town.
Union Township is a township in Union County, New Jersey, United States. In the 18th century, the area that is now Union was then called Connecticut Farms. As of the 2010 United States Census, the township population was 56,642, the highest recorded in any decennial census, reflecting an increase of 2,237 from the 54,405 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 4,381 from the 50,024 counted in the 1990 Census.
Mosspark railway station serves the Pollok and Cardonald areas of Glasgow, Scotland. The station is on the Paisley Canal Line, 3¾ miles west of Glasgow Central and is managed by Abellio ScotRail.
Khao Saming is a district in Trat Province, eastern Thailand.
Lobelville is a city in Perry County, Tennessee, United States that was established as a trading post on the Buffalo River in 1854. The population was 897 at the 2010 census.
Roeslerstammia erxlebella is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in all of Europe, east to Japan.
The Diesel Tilt Train is the name for three high-speed tilting train services, operated by Queensland Rail on the North Coast line from Brisbane to Cairns.
Kullorsuaq is a settlement in the Avannaata municipality in northwestern Greenland. It is the northernmost settlement in the Upernavik Archipelago, located on Kullorsuaq Island at the southern end of Melville Bay, itself part of the larger Baffin Bay.
The Parque Cristal is an office and recreation building located on Avenida Francisco de Miranda in Caracas, Venezuela, which has become a famous landmark. It was seen as a symbol of development when it was constructed.
Felice Beato, also known as Felix Beato, was an Italian–British photographer. He was one of the first people to take photographs in East Asia and one of the first war photographers. He is noted for his genre works, portraits, and views and panoramas of the architecture and landscapes of Asia and the Mediterranean region. Beato's travels gave him the opportunity to create images of countries, people, and events that were unfamiliar and remote to most people in Europe and North America. His work provides images of such events as the Indian Rebellion of 1857 and the Second Opium War, and represents the first substantial body of photojournalism. He influenced other photographers, and his influence in Japan, where he taught and worked with numerous other photographers and artists, was particularly deep and lasting.
Cave Spring is a city in Floyd County, Georgia, United States. It is located 16 miles southwest of Rome, the county seat. The population of Cave Spring was 1,200 at the 2010 census, up from 975 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Rome, Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Abdullah Shuhail is a Saudi football player.
The Spina Hotel is a historic former hotel building in Ironton, Minnesota, United States. It was built in 1913 with multiple commercial spaces and grandly designed architecture. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 for having local significance in the themes of architecture and commerce. It was nominated for illustrating the scale of civic development anticipated but never fully achieved during the boom years of iron mining on the Cuyuna Range.
The souimanga sunbird is a small passerine bird of the sunbird family, Nectariniidae. It is native to the islands of the western Indian Ocean where it occurs on Madagascar, the Aldabra Group and the Glorioso Islands.
Fried bread is a slice of bread that has been fried in oil or butter.
Tya Maru was a Japanese train ferry constructed by the Japanese National Railways which sank during a typhoon, later known locally as the Tya Maru Typhoon, in the Tsugaru Strait between the Japanese islands of Hokkaid and Honsh on September 26, 1954. The Japanese National Railways announced in September 1955 that 1,153 people aboard were killed in the accident. However, the exact number of fatalities remains unknown because there were victims who managed to obtain passage on the ship at the last minute, and others who cancelled their tickets just before the incident occurred.
The Lein is a river of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is a left tributary of the Kocher. Its source is near Kaisersbach. It passes through Welzheim, Täferrot, Leinzell and Heuchlingen, and flows into the Kocher in
Karl August Hanke was an official of the Nazi Party during its rule over Germany and served as the fifth and last Reichsführer of the Schutzstaffel. He also served as Gauleiter of Gau Lower Silesia from 1941 to 1945 and as Oberpräsident of the Prussian Province of Lower Silesia. Captured on 6 May 1945, he was shot and killed by Czech partisans on 8 June.
South Pasadena is a city in southern Pinellas County, Florida, United States, near St. Petersburg. The population was 4,964 at the 2010 census.
Dungog is a country town on the Williams River in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia. Located in the middle of dairy and timber country, it is the centre of the Dungog Shire local government area and at the 2016 census it had a population of 2,025 people. The area includes the Fosterton Loop, 22 kilometres of road, used in the annual Pedalfest. A small portion of Dungog lies in the Mid-Coast Council LGA.
Amber Dawn is a Canadian writer, who won the 2012 Dayne Ogilvie Prize, presented by the Writers' Trust of Canada to an emerging lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender writer.
132524 APL, provisional designation 2002 JF, is a small background asteroid in the intermediate asteroid belt. It was discovered by LINEAR in May 2002, and imaged by the New Horizons space probe on its flyby in June 2006, when it was passing through the asteroid belt. The stony S-type asteroid measures approximately 2.5 kilometers in diameter.
"Nick Chopper, the Tin Woodman, also known as the Tin Man or—mistakenly—the ""Tin Woodsman,"" is a character in the fictional Land of Oz created by American author L. Frank Baum. Baum's Tin Woodman first appeared in his classic 1900 book The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and reappeared in many other subsequent Oz books in the series. In late 19th-century America, men made out of various tin pieces were used in advertising and political cartoons. Baum, who was editing a magazine on decorating shop windows when he wrote The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, was reportedly inspired to invent the Tin Woodman by a figure he had built out of metal parts for a shop display."
Southbroom is a coastal village in Ugu District Municipality in the KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa. It is located 25 km south-west of Port Shepstone, 143 km south-west of Durban, and 213 km south of Pietermaritzburg.
"Beijing Daxing International Airport, located on the border of Beijing and Langfang, Hebei Province, is Beijing's second international airport. The name of the airport was announced on September 14, 2018. It has been nicknamed ""starfish"". The terminal building is one of the largest single-structure airport terminals in the world, with an area of more than 700,000 m². It was completed on June 30, 2019. The opening ceremony for the airport was held on September 25, 2019, and the airport opened to the public on September 26, 2019. The first commercial flight, China United Airlines KN5302 from Ordos, landed at Beijing Daxing at 10:12, September 26, 2019.
Miska Likarnia is a station on the Kryvyi Rih Metrotram. Opened on May 19, 2001, it is currently the newest one in the system. The station was built into an existing track between the stations of Sonyachna and Vechirniy bulvar in the interests of serving the microraions of Skhidnyi and Sonyachnyi, which lacked the tram access nearby. It is named after the central municipal hospital, which is located 500 meters from the station.
William McKee Dunn was a U.S. Representative from Indiana and the Judge Advocate General of the United States Army.
Laurent Vacouabé was a young Native American from present day Uruguay. Son of Eustaquio Tacuavé and Francisca Martínez, younger brother of María Manuel Tacuavé and Apolinaria Tacuavé. It is uncertain if he was Charrúa of Guaraní and Spaniard descent or if he was Guaraní of Spanish-Charrúan descent.
Amagerbrogade is the main shopping street and thoroughfare of the part of Copenhagen, Denmark that is located on the island of Amager. It begins at the end of the causeway which connects Amager to Christianshavn and the city centre on the other side of the harbour, and runs south until it reaches the municipal border with Tårnby where it continues as Amager Landevej. The street marks the border between Amager Vest and Amager Øst, two of the ten official districts of Copenhagen.
"Charles ""Chazz"" Young is an American choreographer and teacher of tap dance."
The Herpesvirales is an order of dsDNA viruses with animal hosts, characterised by a common morphology consisting of an icosahedral capsid enclosed in a glycoprotein-containing lipid envelope. Common infections in humans caused by members of this order include cold sores, genital herpes, chickenpox, shingles, and glandular fever. Herpesvirales is the sole order in the class Herviviricetes, which is the sole class in the phylum Peploviricota.
The Paul Palmer was a five-masted schooner built in 1902 by George F. Welt in Waldoboro, Maine.
Anairetes is a genus containing the tit-tyrants, a group of small, mainly Andean birds, in the tyrant flycatcher family Tyrannidae. The group briefly included the genus Uromyias, which had been recognized based on syringial and plumage characters, including a flatter crest and a longer tail, but was included within Anairetes due to genetic analysis. Recent analyses suggested splitting into Uromyias again.
Maria Elisabetta Casellati, née Alberti is an Italian politician and the current President of the Italian Senate. She is the first Italian woman to have ever held this position. Casellati is a long-time member of the liberal-conservative party, Forza Italia, and served as an undersecretary of Health and Justice in previous governments.
John Clayton Allen was an American politician who represented Illinois in the United States House of Representatives from 1925-1933.
Three Truxtun-class destroyers were built for the United States Navy. Part of the original 16 destroyers authorized by Congress on 4 May 1898 for the fiscal year 1899 program, they were commissioned in 1902. They were very similar to their Bainbridge-class contemporaries, except for mounting six 6-pounder guns instead of five. They were considered the most successful of the first 16 US Navy destroyers, and were succeeded by the larger Smith class.
Burnettsville is a town in Jackson Township, White County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 346 at the 2010 census.
Redange or Redange-sur-Attert is a commune and town in western Luxembourg, near the border with Belgium. It is the capital of the canton of Redange.
Prince Leopold Franz Julius of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha was a German prince of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha-Koháry.
Wesley Woodyard Jr. is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent. He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Denver Broncos in 2008. He played college football for the University of Kentucky. He also played for the Tennessee Titans.
Totimoshi is an American rock band based in Los Angeles. It was founded in Oakland, California in 1997.
St-Léonard railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Saint-Léonard, in the Swiss canton of Valais. It is an intermediate stop on the Simplon line and is served by local trains only.
Warwick is a city in Worth County, Georgia, United States. The population was 423 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Albany, Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The Burnie Ten is an Australian 10 km road race held on a Sunday in October every year in Burnie in North West Tasmania along Emu Bay.
Beach House is an American dream pop duo formed in Baltimore, Maryland in 2004. The band consists of vocalist and keyboardist Victoria Legrand and guitarist, keyboardist, and backup vocalist Alex Scally.
Ramon Menezes Hubner, simply known as Ramon, is a Brazilian former footballer, and is the current manager of Vasco da Gama.
Yoon Kye-sang is a South Korean actor and singer. He began his career in 1999 as part of the K-pop boy band g.o.d, then left the group in 2004 and pursued an acting career. He made his acting debut in the film Flying Boys, for which he won Best New Actor at the Baeksang Arts Awards. Yoon became active in both television and film, with leading roles in romantic comedies such as My 19 Year Old Sister-in-Law and Who Are You? and the melodrama Crazy for You, as well as more serious fare in The Moonlight of Seoul and The Executioner. After a supporting turn in the hit series The Greatest Love, he returned to the big screen in the well-received indie Poongsan.
Alte Donau is a station on Line U1 of the Vienna U-Bahn. It is located in the Donaustadt District. It opened in 1982.
The Port of Hull is a port at the confluence of the River Hull and the Humber Estuary in Kingston upon Hull, in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
St Michael's Church in Framlingham, Suffolk is a Church of England church dedicated to Saint Michael. It was the burial site of the Howard family. The church was declared a Grade I listed building in 1966.
Canisp is a mountain in the far north west of Scotland. It is situated in the parish of Assynt, in the county of Sutherland, 25 kilometres north of the town of Ullapool. Canisp reaches a height of 847 metres and qualifies as a Corbett and Marilyn hill. The mountain's name translates from the Old Norse language as “White Mountain”.
Eriosoma lanigerum, the woolly apple aphid, woolly aphid or American blight, is an aphid in the superfamily Aphidoidea in the order Hemiptera. It is a true bug and sucks sap from plants.
Joshua David Hawley is an American lawyer and politician serving as the junior U.S. Senator from Missouri. A member of the Republican Party, Hawley served as the 42nd Missouri Attorney General from 2017 to 2019, before defeating two-term Democratic incumbent Senator Claire McCaskill in the 2018 election. At 40, he is the youngest current U.S. senator.
"Salvatore ""Totò"" Riina, called Totò 'u Curtu, was an Italian mobster and chief of the Sicilian Mafia. He known for the murder campaign that reached a peak in the early 1990s when the assassinations of Antimafia Commission prosecutors Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino occurred.
Clarksfield Township is one of the nineteen townships of Huron County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census the population of the township was 1,625.
Hilde-Katrine Engeli is a snowboarder from Norway.
Millwood is a rural community in the central east part of the Riverina. It is situated by road, about 6 kilometres south east from Currawarna and 26 kilometres south from Coolamon.
The Georgia Tech Yellow Jacket Marching Band is the official marching band of the Georgia Institute of Technology. Founded in 1908 by a group of 14 students, the Georgia Tech Band is one of the school's oldest student organizations.
"Ciudad de Villa de Álvarez is a city in the Mexican state of Colima. It is the municipal seat of Villa de Álvarez municipality. The city is adjacent to the northwest side of the state capital city of Colima and the two can be considered as ""twin cities"", with Ciudad de Villa de Álvarez having a 2005 census population of 97,701 and Colima having a population of 123,597. They are both part of the Colima-Villa de Álvarez metropolitan area, which includes the population of Colima municipality and Villa de Álvarez municipality. The city and the municipality of Villa de Álvarez both rank third in the state in their respective categories in population, behind only Colima itself and Manzanillo. Villa de Álvarez municipality has an area of 428.4 km²."
The José Serrano Adobe is a historic 1863 adobe house in Lake Forest, Orange County, California. The property is one of four historic buildings in the Heritage Hill Historic Park. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 24, 1976.
Gaur Chakraborty alias Gour Narayan Chakraborty is the former spokesperson of West Bengal State committee of the Communist Party of India (Maoist). He is one of the senior most person in India who was arrested and detained under Unlawful Activities Act.
Kalakkad Mundanthurai Tiger Reserve, located in the Southern Western Ghats in Tirunelveli District and Kanyakumari District in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu, is the second-largest protected area in Tamil Nadu State.
Csepel is the 21st district and a neighbourhood in Budapest, Hungary. Csepel officially became part of Budapest on 1 January 1950.
The Locust Street Historic District is a historic district in Florence, Alabama. Situated to the northwest of downtown, the residential neighborhood began to develop during Florence's manufacturing-fueled economic boom of the late 1880s. Several large Victorian houses were built in the area around Thimbleton which was built before Tuscaloosa St.. was laid out in the design of Florence by Sannoner. In deference to Thimbleton, Tuscaloosa St. has less width than the other streets. Renowned historical architect, Harvey Jones described Thimbleton as having 3 well done restorations, the original structure being built between 1820–1825 with Federalist Architecture, facing Pine St..The last restoration was late 1800s with French Second Empire Period Architecture, adding 2 rooms, attaching the kitchen, and changing the mansion to face Tuscsloosa St. Other smaller Victorian cottages were also built, many by middle-class residents who moved to Florence looking for work or to take advantage of the city's schools.
Berthenonville is a former commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Vexin-sur-Epte.
Bedrock is an unincorporated community and U.S. post office in western Montrose County, Colorado, United States. The ZIP code of Bedrock is 81411.
The Edwin Irby Hatch Nuclear Power Plant is near Baxley, Georgia, in the southeastern United States, on a 2,244-acre site. It has two General Electric boiling water reactors with a total capacity of 1,848 megawatts. Previously, the reactors had a combined capacity listing of 1,759 MW. Unit 1 went online in 1974 and was followed by Unit 2 in 1978.
Dbrowica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bochnia, within Bochnia County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
Nerolidol, also known as peruviol and penetrol, is a naturally occurring sesquiterpene alcohol found in the essential oils of many types of plants and flowers. There are two isomers of nerolidol, cis and trans, which differ in the geometry about the central double bond. Nerolidol is present in neroli, ginger, jasmine, lavender, tea tree, Cannabis sativa, and lemon grass, and is a dominant scent compound in Brassavola nodosa. The aroma of nerolidol is woody and reminiscent of fresh bark. It is used as a flavoring agent and in perfumery and is used in non-cosmetic products such as detergents and cleansers. It is currently under testing as a skin penetration enhancer for the transdermal delivery of therapeutic drugs. Additionally, it is known for various biological activities include antioxidant, anti fungal, anticancer, and antimicrobial activity. It is one of several organic volatiles produced by the Arabidopsis lyrata ssp. petraea flower in response to insect feeding. Because of its hydrophobic nature, nerolidol is easily permeable across the plasma membrane and can interact with intracellular proteins. However it has a high cytotoxic potential and can disrupt the membrane.
Martin Müürsepp is an Estonian professional basketball coach and former player who is the head coach of Tallinna Kalev/TLÜ of the Estonian-Latvian Basketball League. Widely regarded as one of Estonia's greatest basketball players of all time, he is the only Estonian to have played in the National Basketball Association.
"Universal Man is a sculpture by Gerald Gladstone located outside the Yorkdale Shopping Centre in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, since 1994. The 6.5-metre bronze figure was originally located in a prominent location at the foot of the CN Tower, there located to ""emphasize the human aspects of the project"". It was commissioned by CN Rail in 1972 at a cost of approximately $100,000 and the statue was unveiled in 1976. At the time of unveiling, it was the largest statue cast by the Morris Singer foundry.
Paratrygon is a monotypic genus of the cartilaginous fish in the family of Potamotrygonidae. The sole currently recognized species is Paratrygon aiereba, the discus ray, manzana ray or ceja ray, from the Amazon and Orinoco basins in South American. Genetic and morphometric evidence suggests that P. aiereba as presently defined is a species complex.
"Xenosmilus hodsonae is an extinct member of the Machairodontinae, or saber-toothed cats. The species name hodsonae originates from Debra Hodson, the wife of a researcher. Two fairly intact specimens were found by amateur fossil hunters in 1983 in the Haile limestone mines in Alachua County, Florida. In 1994, the fossils were examined, and it was decided that the cats were of an entirely new genus. The fossils were of Irvingtonian age. Because the skeletons were found beside each other, some suspect Xenosmilus was a social mammal. Found alongside the two skeletons were dozens of peccary bones. It seems likely, with their muscular builds, that X. hodsonae preyed upon peccaries. It has also been theorized by some to have hunted via a ""bite and retreat"" strategy using its teeth to inflict deep wounds because of the way its canines and incisors could operate as a unit during a bite, leading to Xenosmilus bearing the occasional moniker of ""cookie-cutter cat"".
New Belgrade is a municipality of the city of Belgrade. It is the central business district in Serbia and one of the major ones in Southeast Europe. It was a planned municipality, built since 1948 in a previously uninhabited area on the left bank of the Sava river, opposite old Belgrade. In recent years, it has become the central business district of Belgrade and its fastest developing area, with many businesses moving to the new part of the city, due to more modern infrastructure and larger available space. With 212,104 inhabitants, it is the second most populous municipality of Serbia after Novi Sad.
Little Sosva Nature Reserve is a Russian 'zapovednik' covering the basin of the Malaya Sosva River, on the east side of the Northern Ural Mountains in the territory of the West Siberian Plain. the Malaya Sosva is a right tributary of the North Sosva River, which flows into the Ob River on its way north to the Kara Sea. Are area of forested wetlands, the reserve protects flat lowlands with a broken relief, a significant incision of river valleys, and a developed river system. The reserve also protect cultural and architectural sites, including some related to the indigenous Khanty people. The southern two-thirds of the reserve is in the Sovetsky district in the Khanty-Mansi Autonomous District of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug; the northern sector is in the Beryozovsky District. The reserve was created in 1976, and covers an area of 225,562 ha.
The Peltoperlidae, also known as roach-like stoneflies or roachflies, are a family of stoneflies.
"Daubenya zeyheri J.C.Manning & A.M.van der Merwe is one of 8 bulbous species in the genus, all endemic to the winter rainfall Strandveld of South Africa, and mostly growing on doleritic clays along the West Coast, Western Cape. It is closely related to Daubenya marginata J.C.Manning & A.M.van der Merwe. At first believed to consist of a single species, Daubenya aurea, the genus was expanded in 2000 to include the genera Androsiphon and Amphisiphon and various species that had previously been classified as Polyxena, Massonia, or Neobakeria. ""The poor congruence between morphological and other characters within Hyacinthaceae has also made generic circumscriptions very difficult. One of the consequences of this has been the recognition of a large number of genera that are poorly defined morphologically."" - All 8 species have two spreading, prostrate leaves and tubular flowers that range from white to yellow or red, and in 6 of the species are followed by smooth glossy seeds within papery capsules that lend themselves to anemochory or wind dispersal. The inflorescence is produced at ground level on a sub-surface peduncle between the two leaves."
Paragonah is a town in Iron County, Utah, United States. The population was 488 at the 2010 census.
Simon Gareth Burke AO is an Australian actor, active in films, television and theatre.
Granard is a town in the north of County Longford, Ireland, and has a traceable history going back to AD 236. It is situated just south of the boundary between the watersheds of the Shannon and the Erne, at the point where the N55 national secondary road and the R194 regional road meet.
Ozyornaya station is a railway station located in St. Petersburg, Russia.
Florida's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Florida. The district consists of the eastern part of the Florida Panhandle along with much of the Big Bend region along the Emerald Coast. It straddles both the Eastern and Central time zones. It is anchored in Panama City and includes many of the suburbs of Tallahassee, the state capital. With 49% of its residents living in rural areas, it is the least urbanized district in the state, and voters are generally conservative.
Nigel Marven is a British wildlife TV presenter, television producer, author and birdwatcher. He is known for his unorthodox, spontaneous, and daring style of presenting wildlife documentaries as well as for including factual knowledge in the proceedings. This has led some people to compare him to Steve Irwin. Nigel ran the 2008 London marathon in 4 hours 4 minutes to try to raise £20,000 for the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society UK.
"Carmelo Simeone ""Cholo"", was an Argentine football defender. He won three league championships with Boca Juniors. Simeone played for the Argentina national team. He was born in Ciudadela, Argentina.
"Robert Paul ""Eskimo"" Clark was an American professional poker player who lived in Las Vegas, Nevada."
Rostyslav Andriyovych Hertsyk is a Ukrainian foil fencer.
The Eu forest is one of the great forests of Seine-Maritime, in Normandy. Covering an area of 9,300 hectares, this beech forest, located in Le Petit Caux in the north-east of the department and the region, has close historical links to the Orléans family.
Acacia ashbyae, commonly known as Ashby's wattle, is a species of wattle that is endemic to Western Australia.
Lia Grimanis is a Canadian Charity founder and CEO, Guinness World Record Holding Strongwoman and adventurer. She is the founder of Up With Women, an organization dedicated to helping homeless and at-risk women asto rebuild their lives.
Susumu Ohrui is a professional Japanese baseball player. He plays infielder for the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters.
Emanuel Congregation is a Chicago synagogue that was founded in 1880. It is a Reform Jewish Synagogue located at 5959 N. Sheridan, Chicago, IL.
The pied raven was a colour morph of the North Atlantic subspecies of the common raven which was only found on the Faroe Islands and has disappeared since the mid-20th century. It had large areas of white feathering, most frequently on the head, the wings and the belly and its beak was light brown. Apart from that, it looked like the black North Atlantic ravens.
The National Nordic Museum is a museum in the Ballard neighborhood of Seattle, Washington, United States, dedicated to the history of the area's Nordic immigrants. It was founded in 1980 as the Nordic Heritage Museum, moved into a permanent, purpose-built facility in 2018 named the Nordic Museum, and was designated as the National Nordic Museum in 2019. The museum serves as a community gathering place and shares Nordic culture by exhibiting art and objects, preserving collections, and providing educational and cultural experiences from Danish, Finnish, Icelandic, Norwegian and Swedish Americans.
The Abbey was a wooden brigantine that was wrecked at Crowdy Head, New South Wales in 1868.
Matthew Capiccioni is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring names M-Dogg 20, Matt Cross and Son of Havoc. He currently competes on the independent circuit. Cross has also worked for prominent promotions such as Ring of Honor, Lucha Underground, Chikara and the short-lived Wrestling Society X. His main gimmick is that of an adherent of the straight edge lifestyle, a culture which he follows in real life. In 2011, Capiccioni joined the cast of the fifth season of WWE Tough Enough.
Darjeeling District is the northernmost district of the state of West Bengal in eastern India in the foothills of the Himalayas. The district is famous for its hill station Darjeeling tea. Darjeeling is the district headquarters.
The 2005 Basque regional election was held on Sunday, 17 April 2005, to elect the 8th Parliament of the Basque Autonomous Community. All 75 seats in the Parliament were up for election.
The 46th edition of the annual Vuelta a Venezuela was held from Wednesday June 24 to Sunday July 5, 2009.
Bonne Nouvelle is a station on Line 8 and Line 9 of the Paris Métro. The section of both lines from just east of Richelieu – Drouot to west of République was built under the Grand Boulevards, which replaced the Louis XIII wall and is in soft ground, which was once the course of the Seine. The lines are built on two levels, with line 8 on the higher level and line 9 in the lower level. The platforms are at the sides and the box containing the lines and supporting the road above is strengthened by a central wall between the tracks. There is no interconnection between the lines at Bonne Nouvelle, with each level having different accesses to the street.
Marika Popowicz-Drapaa is a Polish track and field athlete who specialises in sprinting. She is a two-time European bronze medalist in the 4 x 100 metres relay.
The 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup Final was a football match which determined the winner of the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup. It was the eighth final of the FIFA Women's World Cup, a quadrennial tournament contested by the women's national teams of the member associations of FIFA. The match was played on 7 July 2019 at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais in Décines-Charpieu, a suburb of Lyon, France.
Nguyên Lê is a French jazz musician and composer of Vietnamese ancestry. His main instrument is guitar, and he also plays bass guitar and guitar synthesizer.
The Dacinae are a subfamily of the fruit fly family Tephritidae. Its 41 genera are distributed among three tribes:
Montemor-o-Velho is a town and municipality of the Coimbra District, in Portugal. The population in 2011 was 26,171, in an area of 228.96 km².
Bic National Park is an 33.2 square kilometres national park of Quebec, Canada, located on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River, near the villages of Le Bic and Saint-Fabien, southwest of Rimouski. It was founded on October 17, 1984, and is home to large populations of harbor seals and gray seals. Its highest point is Pic Champlain at 1,140 feet. Slightly less than half of the park is a coastal marine environment.
The St. Nicholas Church is one of the major churches of central Leipzig, Germany. Construction started in Romanesque style in 1165, but in the 16th century, the church was turned into a Gothic hall church. Baroque elements like the tower were added in the 18th century.
Újezdeek, until 1948 Malý Újezd is a village and municipality in Teplice District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.
"USS Argonaut was a submarine of the United States Navy, the first boat to carry the name. Argonaut was laid down as V-4 on 1 May 1925 at Portsmouth Navy Yard. She was launched on 10 November 1927, sponsored by Mrs. Philip Mason Sears, the daughter of Rear Admiral William D. MacDougall, and commissioned on 2 April 1928, Lieutenant Commander William M. Quigley in command. Although never officially designated as ""SS-166"", at some point she displayed this number on her conning tower."
The 2011 Atlantic hurricane season was the second consecutive season to feature the third highest count of tropical storms, but most of the storms were weak. The season was significantly above-average, mostly due to a La Niña that persisted during the previous year. Therefore, the season was tied with 1887, 1995, 2010, and the following 2012 season for the third highest number of tropical storms since record-keeping began in 1851. Although the season featured 19 tropical storms, only 7 of them intensified into hurricanes and 4 of those became major hurricanes: Irene, Katia, Ophelia, and Rina. The season officially began on June 1 and ended on November 30, dates which conventionally delimit the period during each year in which most tropical cyclones develop in the Atlantic Ocean. However, the first tropical storm of the season, Arlene, did not develop until nearly a month later. The final system, Tropical Storm Sean, dissipated over the open Atlantic on November 11.
José Luis Real Casillas is a Mexican former footballer and former sports development & youth academy director of Toluca.
Erik Weiss better known by his stage name Liondub, is an American DJ, producer, and Record Label owner who specializes in Jungle, Drum and Bass, Reggae, Dancehall, Hip Hop and Dubstep.
Brad Logan, sometimes called Brad Minus, is an American punk rock guitarist from Los Angeles, California, who also owns and operates Blacknoise Recordings, and has collaborated on projects with Alternative Tentacles. Logan was the frontman and guitarist for hardcore punk band F-Minus but is most famous for his work in the group Leftöver Crack.
Singeumho Station is a station on Seoul Subway Line 5, Seoul, South Korea. Prior to its opening, it was originally planned to be called Musumak Station. Because of the relatively high altitude of this neighborhood, the platform is located eight floors below ground level.
Neumünster station is the main railway station of the town of Neumünster in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein. It is at the junction of lines to Flensburg, Heide, Hamburg-Altona, Kiel, Bad Oldesloe, Kaltenkirchen and until 1985 Ascheberg. It is currently operated by Deutsche Bahn, which classifies it as a category 2 station.
The rivière aux Rats is a watercourse crossing the borough Chicoutimi sector, at Saguenay. At 3.72 km in length, it is a minor tributary of the Saguenay River.
Kurth Brewery was located in Columbus, Wisconsin and operated from 1859 to 1949. In 1914, it was producing about 100 barrels of beer a day, making it one of the largest breweries in southern Wisconsin. A fire destroyed the malting buildings in 1916; however, the hospitality bar remains today at the corner of Park Avenue and Farnham Street and is open Wednesday and Friday nights. The brewery is still owned by the Kurth family.
The IAR 99 oim is an advanced trainer and light attack aircraft capable of performing close air support and reconnaissance missions. The IAR 99 replaced the Aero L-29 Delfin and Aero L-39 Albatros as jet trainer of the Romanian Air Force. The aircraft is of semi-monocoque design, with tapered wings and a swept back tail unit. A large blade-type antenna installed beneath the nose on the port side of the fuselage gives the IAR 99 trainer a distinctive appearance.
Quartz is a hard, crystalline mineral composed of silicon and oxygen atoms. The atoms are linked in a continuous framework of SiO silicon–oxygen tetrahedra, with each oxygen being shared between two tetrahedra, giving an overall chemical formula of SiO. Quartz is the second most abundant mineral in Earth's continental crust, behind feldspar.
The green pheasant, also known as Japanese green pheasant, is an omnivorous bird native to the Japanese archipelago, to which it is endemic. Some taxonomic authorities still consider it a subspecies. It is the national bird of Japan.
Cyathea arborea is a plant of the family Cyatheaceae in the order Cyatheales. Tree ferns are an ancient form of plant life that still survive in tropical forests. This species of tree fern is native to the Caribbean, including Cuba, Hispaniola, and the El Yunque National Forest in Puerto Rico.
"USA 202, previously NRO Launch 26 or NROL-26, is a classified spacecraft which is operated by the United States National Reconnaissance Office. It is an Advanced Orion ELINT satellite. According to Aviation Week, it ""fundamentally involves America's biggest, most secret and expensive military spacecraft on board the world's largest rocket."" The combined cost of the spacecraft and launch vehicle has been estimated to be over US$2 billion.
Waverly is a city in and the county seat of Humphreys County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 4,105 at the 2010 census.
Peter Michael Commette is an American sailor who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics. He raced Finn and finished in 11th place.
The Berd is a river in Russia, a right tributary of the Ob.
"Platanthera bifolia, commonly known as the lesser butterfly-orchid, is a species of orchid in the genus Platanthera, having certain relations with the genus Orchis, where it was previously included and also with the genus Habenaria. It is a Palaearctic species occurring from Ireland in the West, across Europe and Asia to Korea and Japan. It is also found in North Africa. The name Platanthera is derived from Greek, meaning ""broad anthers"", while the species name, bifolia, means ""two leaves""."
Tauchers Platform railway station served Glentauchers distillery, Mulben, Moray, Scotland that had originally opened in 1897 and the hamlet of Tauchers. The single platform halt was opened by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway circa 1923 on the Inverness and Aberdeen Junction Railway route for the convenience of workers at the site and for the general public from 1949. The station lay 3 miles 70 chains from Keith railway station.
The Co-Cathedral of Saint Theresa of the Child Jesus is a cathedral of the Roman Catholic Church and its Diocese of Honolulu. Located in the outskirts of downtown Honolulu, Hawaii. It was named in honor of the Saint Theresa of Lisieux.
Point Labatt Aquatic Reserve is a marine protected area in the Australian state of South Australia located in the waters of the Great Australian Bight adjoining the west coast of Eyre Peninsula at the headland of Point Labatt.
Gregory Morris, known as Mr Brainz, is an English electronic music DJ and producer from London. He currently has a radio show on popular underground internet radio station Sub.FM which is broadcast every two weeks. Mr Brainz is the founder of several websites including UK Garage community Slick n Fresh and Social DJ promotion tool TunePushr. He exposed SoundCloud's close relationship with Universal Music Group after the story of his paid-for SoundCloud account being terminated went viral in 2014.
Helmut Poppendick was a German doctor who served in the SS during World War II. He was an internist and worked in the Medical Doctorate, as Chief of the Personal Staff of the Reich Physician SS and Police. After the war he was a defendant in the Doctors' Trial.
Tithoes confinis, common name giant longhorn beetle, is a species of beetle of the family Cerambycidae.
Marvin Ogunsipe is an Austrian professional basketball player for Crailsheim Merlins of the German BBL, on loan from Bayern Munich. He has held German citizenship since 2018.
Beerburrum railway station is located on the North Coast line in Queensland, Australia. It serves the town of Beerburrum in the Sunshine Coast Region.
Sakuhei Fujiwhara was a Japanese meteorologist who became the namesake for the Fujiwhara effect. Novelist Jir Nitta is his nephew and mathematician Masahiko Fujiwara is his grandnephew.
Anders Indset is a Norwegian philosopher, author and public speaker. Among the philosophical and socio-political ideas he has advanced are digitization, lifelong learning, narcissistic rage and the Q Economy.
"The 725th Support Battalion is a primer support battalion which is a unit of the 4th Brigade, 25th Infantry Division (United States) located in Alaska. The unit provides support for the infantry, artillery and cavalry units assigned to the division. The 725th consists of eight support companies. The 725th used to be known as the 167th Support Battalion. The unit's motto is ""Service to the Line""."
Michael Lee Roukes is an American experimental physicist, nanoscientist, and the Frank J. Roshek Professor of Physics, Applied Physics, and Bioengineering at the California Institute of Technology.
Sir George Chudleigh, 1st Baronet, of Ashton, Devon, was an English landowner and politician, who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1601 and 1625. He had close family connections to a group of Devon Presbyterians, including Sir William Strode.
The Royal Automobile Club International Grand Prix was a motor race held on 2 October 1948, at Silverstone Airfield, Northamptonshire, UK. It is commonly cited as the first British Grand Prix of the modern era.
Reiner Ferreira Correa Gomes is a Brazilian professional footballer who currently plays for Boa Esporte Clube.
St. Paul Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic parish in New Bern, North Carolina within the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Raleigh. Its historic parish church is located at 510 Middle Street. The parish also hosts a parochial school, St. Paul Catholic School.
Electric Loco Shed, Ajni is a motive power depot performing locomotive maintenance and repair facility for electric locomotives of the Indian Railways, located at Ajni of the Central Railway in Maharashtra, India. It is one of the three electric locomotive sheds of the Central Railway, the others being at Kalyan and Bhusuwal. As of 1 July 2020, there are 222 locomotives in the shed.
Palladium(II) nitrate is the inorganic compound with the formula Pd(NO). It is a red-brown deliquescent solid. As a solution in nitric acid, it catalyzes the conversion of alkenes to dinitrate esters. Its pyrolysis affords palladium oxide.
Gyantse County officially Gyangzê County is a county of Xigazê in the Tibet Autonomous Region. Its main settlement is Gyantse Town known for its monasteries.
Belebey is a town in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located on the bank of the Usen River, 180 kilometers from Ufa. Population: 60,188; 60,928; 53,443.
"Kasamori-ji is a Buddhist temple located in the town of Chnan in Chiba Prefecture, Japan. The temple is also called ""Kasamori-dera"" using the alternate pronunciation of the Chinese character for temple. Kasamori-ji is temple number 31 in the Band Sanjsankasho, or the circuit of 33 Buddhist temples in Eastern Japan sacred to Goddess Kannon. The Eleven-Faced Kannon of Kasamori-ji is only shown to the public in the years of the Ox and Horse in the 12-year cycle of the Chinese zodiac.
José Buscaglia Guillermety is an educator and sculptor. He is a Fellow of the National Sculptor Society and a founding member of the Academy of Arts and Sciences of Puerto Rico.
The Monument to the Serbian and Albanian Partisans honors the Albanian and Serbian partisans from Kosovo and Metohija who died in World War II in Yugoslavia from 1941–1945. Erected in 1973, the monument is on a promontory named Miner’s Hill, located above Mitrovica, Kosovo. Its creator was architect Bogdan Bogdanovich.
Quinnesec is an unincorporated community in Dickinson County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is a census-designated place for statistical purposes and has no legally recognized status as a municipality. The population was 1,191 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Iron Mountain, MI–WI Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Faithorn Township is a civil township of Menominee County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 214 at the 2000 census.
Kim Soo-ro is a South Korean actor.
Giovanni Federico is a German–born Italian footballer who plays for TuS Ennepetal.
"Ottaviano-Fabrizio Mossotti was an Italian physicist exiled from Italy for his liberal ideas. During the First Italian War of Independence, he led a ""battalion of students,"" part of a delegation from the Grand Duchy of Tuscany. He later taught astronomy and physics at the University of Buenos Aires. His name is associated with a type of multiple-element lens correcting spherical aberration and coma, but not chromatic aberration. His studies on dielectrics lead to important results: the Clausius-Mossotti formula is partly named after him, and his view on dielectric behavior lead James Clerk Maxwell to devise his displacement current which, included in his equations lead to the theoretical intuition of electromagnetic waves.
Saint-Michel-de-Double is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
The Mexican Secretariat of Public Education is a federal government authority with Cabinet representation and responsibility for overseeing the development and implementation of national educational policy and school standards in Mexico. The Secretariat of Public Education Main Headquarters has several buildings distributed all over the country but its main offices, initially confined to the Old Dominican Convent of the Holy Incarnation in the oldest borough of Mexico City, have extended to the House of the Marqués de Villamayor, the Old House of don Cristóbal de Oñate, a three-time Governor and General Captain of New Galicia and the Old Royal Customs House. Some of the buildings were decorated with mural paintings by Diego Rivera and other notable exponents of the Mexican muralist movement of the 20th century.
Qumran is an archaeological site in the West Bank managed by Israel's Qumran National Park. It is located on a dry marl plateau about 1.5 km from the northwestern shore of the Dead Sea, near the Israeli settlement and kibbutz of Kalya.
Jeremy Spencer Ross is an American football wide receiver and return specialist who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the New England Patriots as an undrafted free agent in 2011. He played college football at California.
The archaeological site of Grand contains a wide amphitheater and a mosaic of 232m². It is located in the French department of Vosges, in the region Grand Est, in France.
Dr. Samuel D. Risley House, also known as the Elton B. Gifford House, is a historic home located at Media, Delaware County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1877, and is a 2 1/2-story, gray stone house in the Gothic Revival style. It has a slate covered intersecting gable roof. The building features a verandah and conservatory. The house was converted to apartments prior to 1967.
Estación Rancagua, is a railway station of the Empresa de los Ferrocarriles del Estado in Rancagua, Chile. It is the main railway station in the Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region. Estación Rancagua is part of the Red Sur EFE, the TerraSur inter-city service, and the Metrotrén commuter service stops here.
Livingston is a township in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the township's population was 29,366, reflecting an increase of 1,975 from the 27,391 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 782 from the 26,609 counted in the 1990 Census. In 2019, the Population Estimates Program by the United States Census Bureau calculated that the township had a population of 30,303.
Saint-Pardoult is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Gössendorf is a municipality in the district of Graz-Umgebung in the Austrian state of Styria with 3793 inhabitants
Valentina is the stage name of James Andrew Leyva, an American drag performer, actor, television personality and singer best known as a contestant on the ninth season of RuPaul's Drag Race and fourth season of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars. In June 2019, New York magazine published the results from their panel of judges and writers which ranked her in the top twenty Drag Race superstars.
Belkhara is a village as well as a panchayat in the Arwal district of Bihar, India. The headman of Belkhara is Arvind Patel. It is situated 11 km north east of Arwal. The village has few historical monuments too, but many of them are mostly unknown to others.
Lilioceris is a genus of beetles in the leaf beetle family, Chrysomelidae. The genus was first scientifically described in 1912 by Edmund Reitter. Lilioceris belongs to the subfamily Criocerinae and tribe Criocerini.
Dale Barnstable was an American basketball player from Antioch, Illinois who was banned for life from the National Basketball Association in 1951 for point shaving. He had an outstanding college career at the University of Kentucky before his career came to an abrupt end.
Mila Kunis is an American actress, who began her career by appearing in several television series and commercials before playing Jackie Burkhart on the television series That '70s Show. In December 1999, she began voicing Meg Griffin on the animated series Family Guy. Subsequent film roles included Mona Sax in Max Payne, Solara in The Book of Eli, Jamie in Friends with Benefits, Lori in the comedy Ted, and Theodora in Oz the Great and Powerful. Her performance as Lily in Black Swan gained her worldwide accolades, including receiving the Marcello Mastroianni Award for Best Young Actor or Actress at the 67th Venice International Film Festival, and nominations for a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role.
The Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception Cathedral also called Cienfuegos Cathedral is a religious building is located opposite the Martí Park in the city of Cienfuegos in the province of the same name on the Caribbean island nation of Cuba.
Clarissa Caldwell Lathrop was an American social reformer and autobiographer. Her prominence came from her remarkable experience, being confined and unlawfully imprisoned in the Utica Lunatic Asylum for 26 months, through a plot of a secret enemy to kill her. She eventually managed to communicate with James Bailey Silkman, a lawyer who, like herself, was confined in the same asylum under similar circumstances. He succeeded in obtaining a writ of habeas corpus, and Judge George G. Barnard of the New York Supreme Court pronounced Lathrop sane and unlawfully incarcerated.
"The Canonsburg Opera House disaster occurred on August 26, 1911 in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania. A false shout of ""fire"" triggered a panic that killed twenty-six people.
Pristimantis fallax is a species of frog in the family Craugastoridae.
Saint-Aubin-des-Coudrais is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Cedarville is a former city in Pike County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 52 at the 2000 census. On December 14, 2009, Cedarville became a part of Elkhorn City.
NGC 2903 is a field barred spiral galaxy about 30 million light-years away in the constellation Leo. It was discovered by William Herschel who cataloged it on November 16, 1784. NGC 2903 has a very high rate of star formation in its central region. NGC 2905 is a bright star cloud within this galaxy.
Wirrina Cove is a locality on the Fleurieu Peninsula, South Australia. It is located between the coastal towns of Second Valley and Normanville on Yankalilla Bay. Features include a 270 berth marina named Marina St. Vincent, holiday accommodation and a golf course. The marina was initially approved for development in 1988. It was intended to support regional tourism opportunities, including sunset cruises and day trips across Backstairs Passage to Kangaroo Island.
Mont-Noble is a municipality in the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2011 through the merger of the municipalities of Mase, Vernamiège and Nax.
La Chapelle-Heulin is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Harlequin League is a Perth-based rock band formed in 2007.
Mount Gabb is in the central Sierra Nevada in the U.S. state of California. Mount Gabb is in the John Muir Wilderness of Sierra National Forest and is named after William More Gabb, a paleontologist and member of the Whitney Survey.
Jaguar Cars is a brand of cars made by Jaguar Land Rover. This is a British car builder, owned by the Indian builder Cans Tata Motors since the beginning of 2008. It was established in 1922 by William Lyons. It was renamed Jaguar in 1935. Jaguar is owned by the Indian automobile manufacturer Tata Motors Ltd. Jaguar is known for its luxury sedans and sportscars.
AutoREALM is an open source program designed to draw maps for role-playing games, mainly in fantasy settings. The program is similar to the commercial Campaign Cartographer.
General Humberto Oviedo Patricio Arriagada is a retired Chilean military veteran and held the position of Commander-in-chief of the Chilean Army from 9 March 2014 to 9 March 2018.
Hirsau is a district of the town of Calw in the German state of Baden-Württemberg, located in the south-west portion of the country, about two miles north of Calw and about twenty-four miles west of Stuttgart.
Fairmont is a town in Robeson County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 2,663 at the 2010 Census.
"The Mazda CX-5 is a compact crossover produced by Mazda starting in 2012 for the 2013 model year lineup. It is Mazda's first car featuring its ""Kodo"" design language, as first shown in the Shinari concept car in May 2011.
The 2018 Pacific typhoon season was at the time, the costliest Pacific typhoon season on record, until the record was beaten by the following year. The season was above-average, producing 29 storms, 13 typhoons, and 7 super typhoons. It was an event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation, in which tropical cyclones form in the western Pacific Ocean. The season ran throughout 2018, though most tropical cyclones typically develop between May and October. The season's first named storm, Bolaven, developed on January 3, while the season's last named storm, Man-yi, dissipated on November 28. The season's first typhoon, Jelawat, reached typhoon status on March 29, and became the first super typhoon of the year on the next day.
The International Friendship Exhibition is a large museum complex located at Myohyangsan, North Pyongan Province, North Korea. It is a collection of halls that house gifts presented to former leaders Kim Il-sung and Kim Jong-il from various foreign dignitaries. The protocol of gift-giving is well established in Korean culture.
Count Rutger von Ascheberg, also known as Roger von Ascheberg was a soldier, officer and civil servant in Swedish service, being appointed Lieutenant General in 1670, General in 1674, Field Marshal in 1678, Governor General of the Scanian provinces, in 1680, and Royal Councilor in 1681.
Jakob Griesinger was a German Roman Catholic professed religious from the Order of Preachers and a former soldier. Griesinger served in the Italian province of Campania as a soldier to the duke and later became disillusioned with such a life before turning to a sudden call to the religious life to which he dedicated the remainder of his life to.
Dick Sigmond was a Dutch footballer. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Brockenhurst railway station serves the village of Brockenhurst in Hampshire, England. It is located on the South Western Main Line from London Waterloo to Weymouth. It is also the junction of the Lymington Branch Line with the main line. It is 92 miles 66 chains down the line from Waterloo.
The Terrick Terrick National Park is a national park located in the region of Victoria, Australia. The 3,880-hectare national park was declared in June 1988 and is situated approximately 225 kilometres northwest of Melbourne, 4 kilometres north of the town of Mitiamo and 65 kilometres north of Bendigo. The national park is an important remnant of Box-Ironbark forests and northern grass plains and is close to Kow Swamp, the site of a major palaeontological find providing insight into the origins of Indigenous Australians. There are many walking tracks and one basic campground. Drinking water is not available in the park and must be carried.
"The Killers are an American rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada. Their songs include: ""Somebody Told Me,"" ""Mr. Brightside,"" ""When You Were Young,"" ""All These Things That I've Done"", ""Human"" and ""Spaceman."" The Killers were formed in 2001 The Current Lineup Of The Band As A Trio Consists Of Brandon Flowers, who sings vocals and plays keyboards; Mark Stoermer on bass guitar and vocals; and Ronnie Vannucci Jr., who plays drums and percussion. Original Lineup Also Includes Dave Keuning They released their first album, Hot Fuss, in 2004. Their second album, Sam's Town, was released in 2006. Their third album, Sawdust, was released in 2007. Their fourth album, Day & Age, was released in 2008. Their fifth album, Battle Born, was released in 2012. Their first two albums have sold more than 10 million copies. And Sixth Album “Wonderful Wonderful“."
Indene is a flammable polycyclic hydrocarbon with chemical formula CH. It is composed of a benzene ring fused with a cyclopentene ring. This aromatic liquid is colorless although samples often are pale yellow. The principal industrial use of indene is in the production of indene/coumarone thermoplastic resins. Substituted indenes and their closely related indane derivatives are important structural motifs found in many natural products and biologically active molecules, such as sulindac.
Acala is one of the 122 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico. The municipal seat is Acala.
Dundrum Town Centre is a shopping centre located in Dundrum, Dublin, Ireland. It is Ireland's largest shopping centre with over 169 tenants, almost 140,000 m² of floor space, and over 3,400 car parking spaces. It is located just south of the village centre of Dundrum.
Ning is an online social media network platform for people and organizations to create custom social networks. Ning was co-founded by Marc Andreessen and Gina Bianchini and launched in October 2005. By June 2011 there were over 90,000 social websites running on the Ning Platform.
"Legislative elections were held in Indonesia on 3 July 1971, the first under the New Order regime. There were ten participants; nine political parties and the ""functional group"" Golkar."
Aaron Smith is an American writer, illustrator, and inventor of magic tricks.
Diesbach is a village, and former municipality, in the municipality of Glarus Süd and canton of Glarus in Switzerland.
Hollister, Wisconsin is an unincorporated community located in the town of Wolf River, in Langlade County, Wisconsin, United States. The community is located on Wisconsin Highway 55.* The village is named after Seymour W. Hollister, an Oshkosh lumberman and a partner in the Choate-Hollister Furniture Co.
Nesliah Sultan was the paternal granddaughter of the last Ottoman Caliph Abdulmejid II and his first wife, ehsuvar Hanm and maternal granddaughter of the last Ottoman Sultan Mehmed VI and his first wife, Nazikeda Kadn. She was the daughter of ehzade Omer Faruk and his first wife and cousin Sabiha Sultan.
Kolila is a village in Ridala Parish, Lääne County, in western Estonia.
Vladimirs Kamešs is a Latvian football midfielder playing as a left winger for Riga FC and Latvia national football team.
Riviera Beach is a census-designated place and a neighborhood within Pasadena in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. The population was 12,677 at the 2010 U.S. census.
The Royal Automobile Museum is an automobile museum in Amman, Jordan.
The Prieuré de l'Oiselière is a priory located at Saint-Planchers, near Granville, in France. Nestled in a valley bordering the watercourse that bears its name, surrounded by fortified walls and moats, its history dates back to the 12th century. It was a dependency of the abbots of Mont-Saint-Michel who organised the cultivation of the fields and the woods and collected taxes. It was also a local justice court.
"William Russell Watrous III was an American jazz trombonist. He is perhaps best known by casual fans of jazz music for his rendition of Sammy Nestico's arrangement of the Johnny Mandel ballad ""A Time for Love"" which he recorded on a 1993 album of the same name. A self-described ""bop-oriented"" player, he was well known among fellow trombonists as a master technician and for his mellifluous sound."
Ransom Riggs is an American writer and filmmaker best known for the book Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children.
Wialki is a townsite in the eastern Wheatbelt region of Western Australia. It is situated between Beacon and Bonnie Rock.
The Mercedes-Benz E-class Long-Wheelbase V213 is an automobile designed by German car manufacturer Mercedes-Benz, and is also the latest generation of the Long-Wheelbase E-Class saloon. This Long-Wheelbase version so far is only available in Chinese and Indian Markets. Standard wheelbase versions are referred to as W213, which are also available in the Chinese market.
Sri Sri Harisankar Devasthana, is a temple on the slopes of Gandhamardhan hills, Bolangir District of Odisha in India. It is popular for its scenes of nature and connection to two Hindu lords, Vishnu and Shiva. As a holy place, along with a stream passing on the granite bed, it has given some visitors a feeling of peace. On the opposite of side of the Gandhamardhan hills is the temple of Nrusinghanath. The plateau between the two temples has been found to have ancient Buddhist ruins, which are considered to be remnants of the ancient Parimalgiri University.
Indénié-Djuablin Region is one of the 31 regions of Ivory Coast. Since its establishment in 2011, it has been one of two regions in Comoé District. The region's seat is Abengourou. Other important towns are Agnibilekrou, Bettié and Niablé. The region's area is 6919 km², and at the 2014 census, it had a population of 560,432.
Percy Bysshe Shelley was one of the major English Romantic poets, widely regarded as one of the greatest lyric and philosophical poets in the English language. A radical in his poetry as well as in his political and social views, Shelley did not see fame during his lifetime, but recognition of his achievements in poetry grew steadily following his death. Shelley became a key member of a close circle of visionary poets and writers that included Lord Byron, John Keats, Leigh Hunt, Thomas Love Peacock and his own second wife, Mary Shelley.
The Ansari X Prize was a space competition in which the X Prize Foundation offered a US$10,000,000 prize for the first non-government organization to launch a reusable crewed spacecraft into space twice within two weeks. It was modeled after early 20th-century aviation prizes, and aimed to spur development of low-cost spaceflight.
General Osório is a station on Line 1 of the Rio de Janeiro Metro located in the Ipanema borough of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It is the line's southern terminus. The station opened in December 2009.
Ningyang is a county under the administration of the prefecture-level city of Tai'an, Shandong Province, China.
The Cotter River, a perennial river of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the Australian Capital Territory, Australia. The Cotter River, together with the Queanbeyan River, is one of two rivers that provides potable water to the Canberra and Queanbeyan region.
Kowloon Masjid and Islamic Centre or Kowloon Mosque is one of five main mosques in Hong Kong. Located in Kowloon, in the Tsim Sha Tsui area at the intersection of Nathan Road and Haiphong Road, besides Kowloon Park, this mosque is currently the largest in Hong Kong. The mosque holds five prayers daily and is capable of accommodating up to 3,500 people.
Kanawha is a city in Hancock County, Iowa, United States. The population was 652 at the 2010 census.
Claude Parent, born in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France, was a French architect.
Jerome Cousins Biffle was an American athlete who competed mainly in the long jump, where he was the Gold Medalist at the 1952 Helsinki Olympic Games.
Spirit Mound Historic Prairie is a state park of South Dakota, USA, featuring a prominent hill on the Great Plains. The Plains Indians of the region considered Spirit Mound the home of dangerous spirits or little people; members of the Lewis and Clark Expedition climbed it on August 25, 1804. The park was established in 2002. It is located about 6.5 miles north of Vermillion, South Dakota.
The Landtag of Hesse is the Parliament of the State of Hesse in the Federal Republic of Germany. It convenes in the Stadtschloss, Wiesbaden. As a Legislature it is responsible for passing laws at the state level and enacting the budget. Its most important function is to elect and control the state government. The constitution of the State of Hesse describes the role of the Landtag in §§ 75 to 99.
Bartosz Waglewski born March 19, 1978 in Warszawa, Poland is a Polish rap artist. He is the son of musician Wojciech Waglewski and older brother of Emade. He studied at Europejska Akademia Sztuk.
The Melrose Historic District is a 250-acre U.S. historic district in Melrose, Florida that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. It is bounded by Seminole Ridge Road, Grove Street, South Street, Quail Street, and Melrose Bay. In 1990 it contained 65 contributing buildings and one contributing site, and 21 non-contributing buildings.
The Oria is a 9×19mm Parabellum submachine gun that was manufactured in Romania during World War II and for several years afterwards. It was named for Captain Marin Oria, who is credited in Romania with its design. The mass production was made by CMC Uzinele Metallurgice Copa Mic together with Cugir Arms Factory. The first version, Model 1941, entered operational service with the Romanian Army in 1943. Two later improved models were the Model 1948, with a fixed wooden stock, and the rare paratrooper Model 1949, with a folding metal stock. It remained in service with the Romanian Army until it was replaced in the 1960s by the more powerful Pistol Mitralier model 1963/1965, a Romanian version of the AK-47 assault rifle. The Oria remained in service with the Romanian paramilitaries until the 1970s.
The Chartwell Mansion was the most expensive home in the United States in 2018. It is also known as The Beverly Hillbillies Mansion, as the exterior once served as a camera shot for CBS television show The Beverly Hillbillies, which aired from 1962 to 1971.
Ernesto Emilio Duchini was an Argentine footballer and later a football coach. He was part of the coaching team that led Argentina to the FIFA World Youth Championship in 1979.
"Brigadier Arnold William Potts, DSO, OBE, MC was an Australian grazier and army officer who served in the First World War and led the 21st Brigade of the Second Australian Imperial Force during its defence of the Kokoda Trail during the Second World War. He had a distinguished career, however, his place in history has largely been unacknowledged due to his dismissal by General Sir Thomas Blamey, at the very point when Potts had fought the Japanese to exhaustion. His fighting withdrawal over the Kokoda Trail has been called ""one of the most critical triumphs in Australian military history and one that an apathetic nation has still to honour"". Many contemporaries as well as Potts' official biographer regard this sacking as one of the most disgraceful actions of Blamey's military career. Following his dismissal, Potts went on to command the 23rd Brigade during the Bougainville campaign where he earned a reputation for setting high standards. He retired from the military following the end of the war and unsuccessfully pursued a career in politics. He died in 1968, aged 71."
"Gaia Cauchi M.Q.R. is a Maltese child singer. She represented Malta at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2013 and won the contest with her song ""The Start""."
The optic disc or optic nerve head is the point of exit for ganglion cell axons leaving the eye. Because there are no rods or cones overlying the optic disc, it corresponds to a small blind spot in each eye.
"Alice, also known as Alice Visconti, is an Italian singer-songwriter and pianist, active since 1971. Alice had her breakthrough after winning the Sanremo Music Festival with the song ""Per Elisa"" in 1981, followed by European hit singles like ""Una notte speciale"", ""Messaggio"", ""Chan-son Egocentrique"", ""Prospettiva Nevski"" and ""Nomadi"" and albums like Gioielli rubati, Park Hotel, Elisir and Il sole nella pioggia charting in Continental Europe, Scandinavia and Japan.
The Battle of Calderón Bridge was a decisive battle in the Mexican War of Independence. It was fought in January 1811 on the banks of the Calderón River 60 km east of Guadalajara in present-day Zapotlanejo, Jalisco.
Dillard Cooper was an American farmer and Texas Revolutionary soldier who survived the Goliad massacre. Born in South Carolina, Cooper married his first wife, Lucinda, and moved first to Tennessee and then to Courtland, Alabama.
The Puerto Rican barn owl is an extinct species of barn owl that inhabited the island of Puerto Rico in the Caribbean. It is sometimes considered to be a subspecies of the ashy-faced owl.
"Arthur Antunes Coimbra, better known as Zico, is a Brazilian coach and former footballer who played as an attacking midfielder. Often called the ""White Pelé"", he was a creative playmaker, with excellent technical skills, vision, and an eye for goal, who is considered one of the most clinical finishers and best passers ever, as well as one of the greatest players of all time. Arguably the world's best player of the late 1970s and early 80s, he is regarded as one of the best playmakers and free kick specialists in history, able to bend the ball in all directions. In 1999, Zico came eighth in the FIFA Player of the Century grand jury vote, and in 2004 was named in the FIFA 100 list of the world's greatest living players. According to Pelé, considered one of the best players ever, ""throughout the years, the one player that came closest to me was Zico"".
NasChem Commando was a light infantry regiment of the South African Army. It formed part of the South African Army Infantry Formation as well as the South African Territorial Reserve.
Pommes dauphine are crisp potato puffs made by mixing mashed potatoes with savoury choux pastry, forming the mixture into quenelle shapes or balls, and then deep-frying them at 170° to 180 °C.
Ken Alfonso is a Filipino singer and television actor who played the role of Gamil in GMA Network's requel of Encantadia.
Lacey Nicole Sturm is an American singer and songwriter born in Homestead, Florida, and raised in Arlington, Texas. She is a co-founder and former lead vocalist of the hard rock band Flyleaf. In February 2016, Sturm became the first solo female to top the Billboard Hard Rock Albums chart with her debut release.
James L. Kuber is a self-unloading articulated barge owned by Rand Logistics and operated by Grand River Navigation. The vessel was originally named Reserve and was constructed as a bulk carrier, being launched in 1952. It was converted to a barge in 2007.
Zbkowice lskie County is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, south-western Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. The county covers an area of 801.75 square kilometres. Its administrative seat is Zbkowice lskie, and it also contains the towns of Zibice, Zoty Stok and Bardo.
The South Philadelphia Sports Complex is the current home of Philadelphia's professional sports teams, located in the South Philadelphia section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is the site of the Wells Fargo Center, Lincoln Financial Field, Citizens Bank Park, and the retail/entertainment center Xfinity Live!.
Higashi Hongan-ji, or, the Eastern Monastery of the Original Vow, is one of two dominant sub-sects of Shin Buddhism in Japan and abroad, the other being Nishi Honganji. It is also the name of the head temple of the tani-ha branch of Jdo Shinsh in Kyoto, which was most recently constructed in 1895 after a fire burned down the previous temple. As with many sites in Kyoto, these two complexes have more casual names and are known affectionately in Kyoto as Onissan and Ohigashisan.
St. David Catholic Church is a historic church at 774 Main Street in Madawaska, Maine. Built in 1911, it is an architecturally distinctive blend of Baroque and Italian Renaissance architecture. The congregation was the first separate Roman Catholic congregation established in Madawaska, the result of many years' struggle, after the international border divided the French Catholic community here in 1842. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
The Julius A. Coller House was the home of Julius A. Coller I, born in Shakopee, Minnesota, United States, of German descent. He served as Scott County attorney, bank president, and state senator. He facilitated getting the Women's Reformatory located in Shakopee.
St. Marien am Behnitz is the second-oldest Catholic church in the area of Berlin, Germany, after St. Hedwig's Cathedral. It was built in Spandau on a design by August Soller, and consecrated in 1848. Restored in 2002–2003 by private owners, it is a registered monument, used mostly for musical and literary events.
The Idukki Dam is a double curvature Arch dam constructed across the Periyar River in a narrow gorge between two granite hills locally known as Kuravan and Kurathi in Kerala, India. At 168.91 metres, it is one of the highest arch dams in Asia. It is constructed and owned by the Kerala State Electricity Board. It supports a 780 MW hydroelectric power station in Moolamattom, which started generating power on 4 October 1975. The dam type is a concrete, double curvature parabolic, thin arc dam.
Matt Geyer is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer. A New South Wales State of Origin representative wing, he played his club football primarily with the Melbourne Storm of the National Rugby League competition, winning the 1999 premiership with them. He also represented City Origin and played for the Western Reds. Geyer is also the younger brother of rugby league personality Mark Geyer.
Ala Church is a medieval church in Ala on the Swedish island of Gotland. Its oldest parts date from the 12th century. Damaged by fire in the 1930s, it still contains medieval murals and its original baptismal font. The church belongs to the Church of Sweden and lies within the Diocese of Visby.
Móric Jókay de Ásva, outside Hungary also known as Maurus Jokai or Mauritius Jókai, was a Hungarian nobleman, novelist, dramatist and revolutionary. He was active participant and a leading personality in the outbreak of Hungarian Liberal Revolution of 1848 in Pest. Jókai's romantic novels became very popular among the elite of Victorian era England; he was often compared to Dickens in the 19th century British press. One of his most famous fans and admirers was Queen Victoria herself.
Pacco Qillo, formally known as Pakka Qilla, is a fort in Hyderabad, Sindh, Pakistan.
Somerset County Council is the county council of Somerset in the South West of England, an elected local government authority responsible for the most significant local government services in most of the county.
Manning is a city in and the county seat of Clarendon County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 4,108 as of the 2010 census, with an estimated population in 2018 of 3,941. It was named after former South Carolina governor John Laurence Manning.
TER Alsace was the regional rail network serving the région of Alsace, eastern France. In 2016 it was merged into the new TER Grand Est.
Ambel is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census, the municipality had a population of 334 inhabitants.
The Agromyzidae are a family commonly referred to as the leaf-miner flies, for the feeding habits of their larvae, most of which are leaf miners on various plants.
The South African War Memorial is a memorial located in the courtyard of Province House in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada
"Ocotea bullata, is a species of flowering tree native to South Africa. It produces very fine and valuable timber which was formerly much sought after to make furniture. Due to over-exploitation it is now a protected species. Other names for it are Cape Walnut, Cape laurel, and laurel wood. The name ""stinkwood"" comes from a strong smell that is released when it is fresh felled."
Watervale is a town on the Horrocks Highway in the Clare Valley, South Australia, approximately 9 kilometres north of Auburn and 15 kilometres south of Clare. It is surrounded by a number of small wineries and several B&Bs. The Riesling Trail runs past the town to the west, between the Highway and the Skilly Hills. The town has a number of 19th-century heritage buildings, including the former Stanley Grammar School, which now provides private bed and breakfast accommodation.
"Harlan Jay Ellison was an American writer, known for his prolific and influential work in New Wave speculative fiction, and for his outspoken, combative personality. Robert Bloch, the author of Psycho, described Ellison as ""the only living organism I know whose natural habitat is hot water"".
Letart Township is one of the twelve townships of Meigs County, Ohio, USA. The 2000 census found 641 people in the township.
Shiratsuyu was the lead ship of ten Shiratsuyu-class destroyers, and first of six to be built for the Imperial Japanese Navy under the Circle One Program.
The Fifth Siege of Gibraltar, mounted between August 1349 and March 1350, was a second attempt by King Alfonso XI of Castile to retake the fortified town of Gibraltar. It had been held by the Moors since 1333. The siege followed years of intermittent conflict between the Christian kingdoms of Spain and the Moorish Emirate of Granada, which was supported by the Marinid sultanate of Morocco. A series of Moorish defeats and reverses had left Gibraltar as a Moorish-held enclave within Castilian territory. Its geographical isolation was compensated for by the strength of its fortifications, which had been greatly improved since 1333. Alfonso brought an army of around 20,000 men, along with his mistress and their five illegitimate children, to dig in to the north of Gibraltar for a lengthy siege. In the New Year of 1350, however, bubonic plague – the Black Death – broke out in the Castilian camp. Alfonso refused to abandon the siege but fell victim to the plague on 27 March 1350, becoming the only monarch to die of the disease.
Mohsen Mostafavi is an Iranian-American architect and educator. Mostafavi is currently the Alexander and Victoria Wiley Professor of Design at the Harvard Graduate School of Design. From 2008 through 2019, Mostafavi served as the school's dean.
Lassy is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department and Île-de-France region of France.
Laren is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland. It is located in the municipality of Lochem.
Jad Fair is an American singer, guitarist, graphic artist, and founding member of lo-fi alternative rock group Half Japanese.
Saint-Étienne-du-Mont is a church in Paris, France, on the Montagne Sainte-Geneviève in the 5th arrondissement, near the Panthéon. It contains the shrine of St. Geneviève, the patron saint of Paris. The church also contains the tombs of Blaise Pascal and Jean Racine. Jean-Paul Marat is buried in the church's cemetery.
The Boeing X-45 unmanned combat air vehicle is a concept demonstrator for a next generation of completely autonomous military aircraft, developed by Boeing's Phantom Works. Manufactured by Boeing Integrated Defense Systems, the X-45 was a part of DARPA's J-UCAS project.
The Honda CT110 is a small dual-sport motorcycle made by Honda in Japan since 1980 and is sold in various parts of the world. The bike has sold well worldwide.
USS William B. Preston was a Clemson-class destroyer in the United States Navy following World War I. She was named for United States Secretary of the Navy and United States Senator William B. Preston.
The Opel 4 PS, popularly known as the Laubfrosch, is a small two-seater car introduced by the auto maker Opel early in 1924. Subsequently, various versions of the little Laubfrosch were produced until it was replaced by the Opel 1.2 litre.
Jatt is an Arab local council in the Triangle area of Haifa District in Israel. In 2018 it had a population of 11,798.
"Mechai Viravaidya is a former politician and activist in Thailand who promoted condoms, family planning and AIDS awareness in Thailand. Since the 1970s, Mechai has been affectionately known as ""Mr. Condom"", and condoms are often referred as ""mechais"" in Thailand. From the time that he began his work, the average number of children in Thai families has decreased from 7 to 1.5."
USNS Contender (T-AGOS-2) was a Stalwart-class Modified Tactical Auxiliary General Ocean Surveillance Ship of the United States Navy. Now known as the T/S General Rudder, the ship serves as the primary training vessel of Texas A&M Maritime Academy. Texas A&M has operated the vessel since 2012.
The Sacagawea River is a tributary of the Musselshell River, approximately 30 mi long, in north-central Montana in the United States. It rises on the plains of northern Fergus County and flows eastward. The river formerly joined the Musselshell five miles above the confluence of the Musselshell with the Missouri, but it now flows into the arm of Fort Peck Lake on the Missouri formed by the mouth of the Musselshell.
Burbach is a municipality in the Siegen-Wittgenstein district, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The Kangaroo Island Council is a local government area in South Australia that covers the entirety of Kangaroo Island, 13 km off the coast of the mainland. The council was formed on the 28 November 1996 by the amalgamation of the District Council of Kingscote and the District Council of Dudley. Its first meeting held on 11 December 1996.
Dionysius III was the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople from June 29, 1662 to October 21, 1665. He had previously been bishop of Thessaloniki, Larissa and Bursa.
Mine Blower is a hybrid wooden roller coaster located at Fun Spot America Kissimmee, in Kissimmee, Florida. Manufactured by The Gravity Group, the compact roller coaster is one of only three wooden roller coasters in Florida, the others being White Lightning at Fun Spot America Orlando and Coastersaurus at Legoland Florida. Features of the ride include a zero-gravity roll above the station area, as well as a 115° overbanked turn.
Halfway Run is a tributary of Rapid Run in Union County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately 1.8 miles long and flows through Hartley Township. The watershed of the stream has an area of 1.51 square miles. A number of waterlogged pingo scars occur near the stream. The lake is in the vicinity of the Halfway Run Natural Area and R.B. Winter State Park. Numerous tree species inhabit the land near the stream.
Priyal Gor is an Indian television and film actress. She is known for starring in the romantic fantasy drama Ichhapyaari Naagin as Iccha.
Zeynep Çamc is a Turkish actress. She won the 2013 Best Actress Award at the International Antalya Film Festival for her role in the movie Meryem.
Mézeray is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France.
Clévilliers is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department and Centre-Val de Loire region of north-central France. It lies 13 km north-west of Chartres and some 80 km west-south-west of Paris.
Trnovci is a village located in a highland area in the municipality of Mogila, North Macedonia.
The markhor is a large goat. It is found in woodland in Central Asia, Karakoram and the Western Himalayas.
Montella is an Italian town and comune in the province of Avellino, Campania, with a population of 7,699. The zone was inhabited already in the neolithic period. The town was founded by the Samnites in the 1st millennium BC, to become a municipality of the Roman Empire and a town under the Lombards.
"Eleanor Elizabeth ""Ellie"" Bamber is an English actress. In 2018, she won third prize at the Ian Charleson Awards for her 2017 performance as Hilde in The Lady from the Sea at the Donmar Warehouse. She was in Tom Ford's feature film Nocturnal Animals and the BBC One television series, Les Misérables, as Cosette, and portrayed Mandy Rice-Davies in the BBC series, The Trial of Christine Keeler."
Thompson Square was a rapid transit station in Charlestown, Massachusetts. It served the Charlestown Elevated, part of the MBTA's Orange Line, from 1902 until 1975.
Iveagh Lower, Upper Half is the name of a barony in County Down, Northern Ireland. It was created by 1851 with the division of the barony of Iveagh Lower into two. It is bordered by five other baronies: Iveagh Upper, Lower Half to the south; Iveagh Upper, Upper Half to the south-west; Iveagh Lower, Lower Half to the west and north; Castlereagh Upper to the north-east; and Kinelarty to the west.
Elizabeth Posthuma Simcoe was a British artist and diarist in colonial Canada. She was the wife of John Graves Simcoe, the first Lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada.
Astroloba tenax is a succulent plant of the genus Astroloba, indigenous to the Western Cape Province, South Africa.
Newag 15D/16D is a cargo locomotive or broad gauge diesel locomotive rebuilt by Newag in Nowy Scz in Poland, which is a deeply modernised SM48 locomotive.
The 2013 Nineveh Governorate election in Iraq was held on 20 June with elections for the Al Anbar Governorate. Due to security problems, turnout was less than half that of the 2009 election. This election saw Sunni Arab parties lose a number of seats to minority parties.
Jane and Finch is a neighbourhood located in the northwest end of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, in the district of North York. Centred at the intersection of Jane Street and Finch Avenue West, the area is roughly bounded by Highway 400 to the west, Black Creek to the east, Sheppard Avenue to the south, and Steeles Avenue to the north. The intersection itself was the location of a historic hamlet named Elia.
The Israeli Public Broadcasting Corporation is the state broadcaster of Israel. The IPBC carries the blanket branding Kan in Hebrew, and Makan in Arabic.
Edward Jenks, FBA was an English jurist, and noted writer on law and its place in history. Born on 20 February 1861 in Lambeth, London, to Robert Jenks, upholsterer, and his wife Frances Sarah, née Jones, he was educated at Dulwich College and King's College, Cambridge, where he was scholar and, in 1889-95, fellow. He graduated B.A., LL.B. in 1886, and M.A. in 1890. He was awarded the Le Bas Prize and the Thirlwall Prize and was chancellor's medallist. In 1887 he was called to the Bar and for the next two years lectured at Pembroke and Jesus colleges, Cambridge.
The Endeavour is a diesel multiple unit train operated by NSW TrainLink on passenger rail services in New South Wales, Australia on the Hunter Valley, Main Western, Southern Highlands and Illawarra lines. They are mechanically identical to the Xplorers. All 30 carriages were built by ABB Transportation in Dandenong, Victoria.
The Duke of Lancaster is the titular owner of the estates of the Duchy of Lancaster and head of the County Palatine of Lancaster. It is also an ancient title that is informally used within Lancaster to describe Elizabeth II, the monarch of the United Kingdom. The Duchy of Lancaster exists as a separate entity from the Crown Estate and currently provides income for the British monarch. The title merged with the crown as a result of the House of Lancaster's participation in the Wars of the Roses.
Stboice is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. As of 2017, the population was 1,454.
Andrea Maria Nahles is a German politician. She was the Leader of the Social Democratic Party from April 2018 to June 2019 and the leader of the SPD in the Bundestag from September 2017 to June 2019.
Sanna is an island and village area in the municipality of Træna in Nordland county, Norway. The 3-square-kilometre island is the largest island in Træna municipality. The island is located less than 1 kilometre west of the main island of Husøya. The island has five characteristic mountaintops, the highest is the 338-metre tall Trænstaven. The Traena Music Festival is held on this island each year. The island has 3 residents.
The Alexander Faribault House is a historic house museum in Faribault, Minnesota, United States. Built in 1853, it was the first wood-frame house constructed in Rice County, Minnesota. It was built by fur trader Alexander Faribault in the Greek Revival style. Besides serving as a house, it also served as a civic center, polling place, and a church. The local address of the house is 12 First Avenue, Faribault, MN. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
The Tarai gray langur is an Old World monkey, and was formerly considered a subspecies of the northern plains gray langur. The species is listed as Near Threatened, as there are probably not many more than 10,000 mature individuals, and it is experiencing a continuing decline.
Châlons-sur-Vesle is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Henry Alexander Paget, 6th Marquess of Anglesey, GCVO, CStJ, DL was a British peer, farmer and soldier.
Deadwood Reservoir is a reservoir in the western United States, in Valley County, Idaho. Located in the mountains of the Boise National Forest about 25 miles southeast of Cascade, the 3,000-acre body on the Deadwood River is created by Deadwood Dam. The river flow south from the dam and is a tributary of the South Fork of the Payette River. The reservoir and vicinity is commonly used for camping, water skiing, fishing, canoeing, and other outdoor recreation. The full pool surface elevation is just above a mile-high at 5,334 ft above sea level.
College Park is a primarily residential neighbourhood located in the east-central part of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. The majority of its residents live in single-family detached dwellings, with a sizable minority of high-density, multiple-unit dwellings. As of 2011, the area is home to 5,470 residents. The neighbourhood is considered a middle-income area, with an average family income of $65,133, an average dwelling value of $232,228 and a home ownership rate of 58.9%.
Chirk Tunnel is a canal tunnel near Chirk, Wales.
Arthropod defensins are a family of mollusk, insect, and arachnid cysteine-rich antibacterial peptides, primarily active against Gram-positive bacteria and fungi in vitro. However Drosophila fruit flies mutant for the fly defensin were more susceptible to infection by the Gram-negative bacteria Providencia burhodogranariea, and resisted infection against Gram-positive bacteria like wild-type flies. It remains to be seen how in vitro activity relates to in vivo function. Mutants for the defensin-like antimicrobial peptide Drosomycin were more susceptible to fungi, validating a role for defensin-like peptides in anti-fungal defence.
The Indian Ocean Commission is an intergovernmental organization that links African Indian Ocean nations: Comoros, Madagascar, Mauritius, Réunion, and Seychelles. There are also five observers: China, India, the Sovereign Order of Malta, the European Union, the Organisation internationale de la Francophonie.
Péter Várkonyi was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1983 and 1989. After that he was the ambassador to the United States until 1990.
Hermann Pister was an SS Oberführer and commandant of Buchenwald concentration camp from 21 January 1942 until April 1945.
Forrest Scott Kline is an American musician, singer, songwriter, and guitarist. He is the lead vocalist of the power pop band Hellogoodbye.
Lamone-Cadempino is a railway station in the Swiss canton of Ticino. The station is located on the border between the municipalities of Lamone and Cadempino, and serves both. The station is on the Swiss Federal Railways Gotthard railway, between Bellinzona and Lugano.
The Clisham is a mountain on Harris, on the island of Lewis and Harris in the Western Isles of Scotland. At 799 metres it is the highest mountain in the Outer Hebrides and the archipelago's only Corbett.
Jangguk-juk is a juk made by boiling rice in malgeun-jangguk, a soup soy sauce-based beef broth made with seasoned ground beef stir-fried in sesame oil. The porridge is referred to as uyuk-juk in Jeungbo sallim gyeongje, a 1766 book.
The Luppbode is a right-hand tributary of the Bode in the Harz mountains in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.
Darren Arthur Daulton, nicknamed Dutch, was an American professional baseball player who played catcher in Major League Baseball. He was a three-time MLB All-Star with the Philadelphia Phillies, and won a World Series with the Florida Marlins in 1997.
Charles Michels is a station on Line 10 of the Paris Métro. It is located in the 15th arrondissement.
The Universidad Nacional de la Amazonía Peruana was created on 14 January 1961 by Law 13498, given by the government of Peru's President Manuel Prado Ugarteche, responding to various needs that the Loreto community had, until then, making, a law order to have a higher education institution in Iquitos.
Troccoli is a thick spaghetti-like pasta featuring a square or oval cross section. It is typical of the Apulian and Lucanian cuisines and is often compared to spaghetti alla chitarra due to its ultimate shape, though the processing for making troccoli does traditionally not require the so-called chitarra, which in turn is a distinctive tool in the preparation of spaghetti alla chitarra.
Palena is a Chilean commune located in Palena Province, Los Lagos Region. The commune is named after Palena Lake.
Bilea Lake is an artificial lake located in the municipality of Bilea, in the entity of Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina, its length forming part of the Montenegrin border thus a small part being within Montenegro. The manmade lake was created by building the Granarevo Dam an arch dam across the Trebišnjica River, which was built in 1968. It lies in the upper and central part of Trebsinjica valley, 17 km from Trebinje town and is one of the largest lakes in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Beauceville is a city in, and the seat of, the Municipalité régionale de comté Robert-Cliche in Quebec, Canada. It is part of the Chaudière-Appalaches region and the population was 6,354 as of the Canada 2011 Census.
Shushi Carpet Museum was founded by Vardan Astsatryan in 2011 in Shushi, Republic of Artsakh.
Straight Is the Way is a surviving 1921 American silent comedy film directed by Robert G. Vignola, written by Frances Marion and Ethel Watts Mumford, and starring Matt Moore, Mabel Bert, Gladys Leslie, George Parsons, Henry Sedley, Van Dyke Brooke, and Emily Fitzroy. It was released on March 6, 1921, by Paramount Pictures.
Montsuzain is a commune of the Aube département in the north-central part of France.
Signy Aarna is an Estonian footballer who plays as a forward for Finnish club Åland United and for the Estonia national team. She previously played for Finnish club Pallokissat and FC Lootos of the Estonian Naiste Meistriliiga.
53rd Avenue Park is a municipal park under development in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States. Partially opened in 2008, the park covers 43.5 acres along northeast 53rd Avenue in the middle of the city. Currently the park includes two multi-purpose sports fields covered with artificial turf with other sports amenities and a water fountain under construction. Plans call for a large indoor recreation center at the park including pools, basketball courts, tennis courts, and exercise facilities to go along with outdoor park items that include children's play equipment and walking trails. Land for the park was purchased from exercise equipment maker Soloflex beginning in 2001.
Black Hawk State Park is a state park of Iowa, USA, in the town of Lake View. The park includes land, campgrounds, trails, game preserves, historic structures, and the waters of Black Hawk Lake. Also it is home to the Lake View Water Carnival. This event is held the third full weekend in July every year, and includes many family-friendly activities including a Water Parade. Three sections of the park were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
The hooded crane is a small, dark crane. It has a grey body. The top of the neck and head is white, except for a patch of bare red skin above the eye. It is one of the smallest cranes, but is still a fairly large bird, at 1 m long, a weight of 3.7 kg and a wingspan of 1.87 m.
Ixi lang is a programming language for live coding musical expression. It is taught at diverse levels of musical education and used in Algorave performances. Like many other live coding languages, such TidalCycles, ixi lang is a domain-specific language that embraces simplicity and constraints in design.
Santa Rosa is a department of Catamarca Province in Argentina.
Fee Malten was a German film actress, who later emigrated to the United States. Born in Berlin as Felicitas Mansch, Malten appeared as a leading lady in both silent and sound films of the late Weimar era. Due to her Jewish background she was compelled to go into exile following the Nazi takeover in 1933. She eventually settled in the United States where she continued to act, generally in much smaller parts than she had received in Germany.
Prunus pumila, commonly called sand cherry, is a North American species of cherry in the rose family. It is widespread in eastern and central Canada from New Brunswick west to Saskatchewan and the northern United States from Maine to Montana, south as far as Colorado, Kansas, Indiana, and Virginia, with a few isolated populations in Tennessee and Utah. It grows in sandy locations such as shorelines and dunes.
NGC 819 is a spiral galaxy approximately 302 million light-years away from Earth in the constellation of Triangulum. It forms a visual pair with the galaxy NGC 816 5.7' WNW.
Sorbus aria, the whitebeam or common whitebeam, is a European and Near-Eastern deciduous tree, the type species of the subgenus of the whitebeams. Typically compact and domed, with few upswept branches and almost-white underside of the leaves. It generally favours dry limestone and chalk soils. The hermaphrodite cream-white flowers appear in May, are insect pollinated, and go on to produce scarlet berries, which are often eaten by birds.
Springerville is a town in Apache County, Arizona, United States, within the White Mountains. Its postal ZIP Code is 85938. As of the 2010 census, the population of the town was 1,961.
Minami-ku is one of seven wards of Hamamatsu, Shizuoka, Japan, located in the south of the city. It is bordered by Naka-ku, Higashi-ku, Nishi-ku, and the city of Iwata and Pacific Ocean. It has the fifth largest area and the fourth largest population of the seven wards of Hamamatsu. Much of Minami-ku is still rural, with farms and rice fields.
István Horthy de Nagybánya was Hungarian Regent Admiral Miklós Horthy's eldest son, a politician, and, during World War II, a fighter pilot.
Urahoro is a town located in Tokachi Subprefecture, Hokkaido, Japan.
Smrde is a village in and center of Engure municipality, Latvia.
St Mary's Church is the oldest parish church in the town of Stockport, Greater Manchester, England. It stands in Churchgate overlooking the market place. The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Macclesfield and the deanery of Stockport.
Abraham de Fabert, marquis d'Esternay was a Marshal of France.
Oh Beom-Seok is a South Korean professional footballer who plays as a right back.
The Enipeas or Enipeus is a river in central Greece, tributary of the Pineios near Farkadona. It is 84 km long. Its source is in the northern part of Phthiotis, on the plateau of Domokos. Its course runs through several of the tetrades of ancient Thessaly, from Achaea Phthiotis in South through Phthia to finally flow into the Pineios in Histiaeotis.
Robert Philip Militello a.k.a. Bobby M. is an American jazz saxophonist and flautist who was a member of the Dave Brubeck Quartet.
Rhinau is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department of Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Philaethria pygmalion is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It was described by Hans Fruhstorfer in 1912. It is found from eastern Colombia to central Brazil.
The Carters Run Rural Historic District encompasses a large rural landscape in central northern Fauquier County. Covering some 4,400 acres, the district extends south from near Marshall southward along Carters Run Road, the only major paved road through the district. The district also includes properties accessible from Scotts Road and on the east side of Free State Road. Land use has for more than 200 years been almost entirely agricultural; there are no villages or commercial centers. The main structures in the district are farmhouses and agricultural outbuildings; the district notably includes the previously-listed Waveland plantation.
"Donald Gardner was an American rhythm and blues singer, songwriter, and drummer. His records included the 1962 pop hit ""I Need Your Lovin'"", with Dee Dee Ford."
Ripley railway station was a railway station which served the town of Ripley in Derbyshire, England. It was opened in 1856 by the Midland Railway on its Ripley branch from Little Eaton Junction, approximately 3 miles north of Derby. In 1890 it became the terminus of a line from Heanor Junction on the Erewash Valley Line near Langley Mill.
Apiaí is a Brazilian municipality of the state of São Paulo. The population is 25,211 in an area of 974 km².
The Landgraben is a small river of Saxony, Germany. It flows into the Elbe in Dresden.
The Bolska is a river in Slovenia. It is 32 kilometres long. It is a right tributary of the Savinja.
Stenocereus griseus, also known as the Mexican organ pipe, dagger cactus, pitaya, and pitayo de mayo, is a species of cactus.
Saint-Martin-aux-Chartrains is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Sonnet 7 is one of 154 sonnets written by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare. It is a procreation sonnet within the Fair Youth sequence.
Josh Wolff is an American soccer coach and former player. He is currently the head coach of Austin FC ahead of their inaugural season in Major League Soccer in 2021.
The 1994 European Mountain Running Trophy was held in Ponte nelle Alpi, Italy. It was the first European international competition for the sport and preceded the launching of an official European competition by the World Mountain Running Association the following year. It featured a men's race and a women's race, each of which had an individual and team component. The host nation Italy won all four titles, with Andrea Agostini and Nives Curti winning the individual races.
St Mary's Presbytery is a heritage-listed Roman Catholic presbytery of St Mary's Roman Catholic Church at 142 Palmerin Street, Warwick, Southern Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. It was designed by Wallace & Gibson and built from 1885 to 1887 by John McCulloch. It is also known as Father JJ Horan's private residence. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 31 July 2008.
The River Swilgate is a small river that flows through Gloucestershire, England.
Gabrovo is a town in central northern Bulgaria, the administrative centre of Gabrovo Province.
Wichtrach is a municipality of the administrative district Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.
Achille Delaere was a Flemish priest who served on the Canadian prairies. He was one of the founders and organizers of the Ukrainian Catholic Church, with the Byzantine-Ukrainian rite, for Ukrainian immigrants in Canada.
"Pempheris mangula, the black-edged sweeper, Moluccan sweeper or black-margin bullseye is a species of Indo-Pacific sweeper from the family Pempheridae. The history of the identification of the Indo-Pacific sweepers is complex and this species has been identified as the ""Pempheris vanicolensis"" which has colonised the Mediterranean Sea from the Red Sea via the Suez Canal by Lessepsian migration but this identification is not universally accepted."
Ngardmau is one of Palau's sixteen states and is located on the west side of Babeldaob between the states of Ngaraard and Ngeremlengui. Its total area is 20.5 square miles. According to the last census, 185 persons live in Ngardmau. Their 46 households are situated in three hamlets: Ngetbong, Ngerutoi and Urdmau. The hamlets have no visible boundaries, but form one settlement.
Wriddhiman Prasanta Saha is an Indian cricketer who plays Test matches for India and first class matches domestically for Bengal. He is also the first cricketer to score a century in an Indian Premier League final. He plays for Sunrisers Hyderabad in the Indian Premier League.
Owen Peter Coaldrake AO is an Australian academic and higher education administrator.
Koivukylä is a district and major region of the municipality of Vantaa, Finland. The district hosts a multitude of services, such as several stores and a library. It has its own railway station, the Koivukylä railway station, which serves commuter trains around Greater Helsinki.
Eybouleuf is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
The S9 is a commuter rail service of the Milan suburban railway service, which converges on the city of Milan, Italy.
Amaurobius ferox, sometimes known as the black lace-weaver, is a spider belonging to the family Amaurobiidae. It is distributed in Europe and North America and has been introduced into New Zealand.
The Miracle of the Cross at the Ponte di Rialto, also known as The Healing of the Madman is a painting by Italian Renaissance artist Vittore Carpaccio, dating from c. 1496. It is now housed in the Gallerie dell'Accademia in Venice.
Daniele Bonera is an Italian football player. He plays for Milan.
Rector is a city in Clay County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 1,977 at the 2010 census.
Horace Henry Baxter was a Vermont businessman who served as Adjutant General of Vermont at the start of the American Civil War and President of the New York Central Railroad.
Mateur is a town in northern Tunisia, located 66 kilometers northwest of Tunis. Located in the southwest of the governorate of Bizerte, Mateur is the capital of a delegation with 47,562 inhabitants while the city itself had 34,010 inhabitants in 2014.
Dr. B.R. Ambedkar Stn., Vidhana Soudha is a station on the Purple Line of the Namma Metro in Bangalore, India. It was opened to the public on 30 April 2016.
Cornelius Smelt was an administrator who served as Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man from 1805 until his death in 1832, the longest governorship in the history of the Island. An officer in the British Army, he served first with the 14th Regiment of Foot and then the 35th Regiment of Foot, acting as Deputy Governor of Southsea Castle in the late 18th century. His governorship of the Isle of Man is remembered as one in which he displayed great moral courage in difficult circumstances. His wisdom and fortitude in the long period when the House of Keys and the Duke of Atholl fought their historic political battles were also evident. Upon his death, a memorial was erected in Castletown in the Isle of Man.
The Sechura District is one of the six districts that make up the Sechura Province in the Piura Region of Peru.
Bevendale is a rural town located in the Southern Tablelands in New South Wales, Australia. It is 25 km north of Dalton and is located in the Upper Lachlan Shire. The Hume Highway passes through the south of Bevendale.
The fifth USS Dolphin (SP-874) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission during 1918.
Ajeet Bajaj is the first Indian to ski to the North Pole and the South Pole within a year.
Axis and Soviet air operations during Operation Barbarossa took place over a six-month period, 22 June – December, 1941. Aviation played a critical role in the fighting on the Eastern Front during this period, in the battles to gain and maintain air superiority or air supremacy, to offer close air support to armies on battlefield, interdicting enemy supply lines, while supplying friendly forces. The Axis air forces were generally better equipped, trained and experienced in executing military tactics and operations. This superiority increased because of the Great Purge in the 1930s and mass expansion of Soviet air forces, which did severe damage to organisational structures.
Amanda Matthews is an American sculptor and painter from Louisville, Kentucky, United States, who lives in Lexington, Kentucky.
Grand Ayatollah Sayyid Muhammad-Taqi al-Husayni al-Modarresi is an Iraqi-Iranian Shia marja' and political theorist.
State Route 269 is state highway in the U.S. state of California. It runs in the San Joaquin Valley from State Route 33 in Avenal to State Route 145 in the community of Five Points.
Eric Taino is a retired ATP Tour American tennis player, who later represented the Philippines in international competition. Before turning pro, he was the #1 player and captain of the then #2 nationally ranked UCLA tennis team and achieved All-American honors. His teammates included fellow pros Justin Gimelstob and Kevin Kim.
The Coniophoraceae are a family of fungi in the Boletales order. The family contains 6 genera and 28 species.
Igor Potapovich is a former pole vault athlete from Kazakhstan. Potapovich won his first World Junior Championship in 1986. He won the World Cup in 1992. He also finished second at the 1995 IAAF World Indoor Championships and became the indoor World Champion two years later in 1997.
A machicolation is a floor opening between the supporting corbels of a battlement, through which stones or other material, such as boiling water or boiling cooking oil, could be dropped on attackers at the base of a defensive wall. A smaller version found on smaller structures is called a box-machicolation.
Luis Martínez is an American professional wrestler currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the NXT brand under the ring name Damian Priest. He is the current NXT North American Champion in his first reign.
Salvatore Ferragamo was an Italian shoe designer and the founder of luxury goods high-end retailer Salvatore Ferragamo S.p.A. One of the most innovative shoe designers of the 20th century, Salvatore Ferragamo, rose to fame in the 1930s. In addition to experimenting with unusual materials including kangaroo, crocodile, and fish skin, Ferragamo drew on historic inspiration for his shoes. His cork wedge sandals—often imitated and reimagined—are considered one of the most important shoe designs of the 20th century.
Shane Stefanutto is an Australian former professional footballer who is the Technical Director of Brisbane Roar. He previously played for Brisbane Strikers, Lillestrøm, Lyn, North Queensland Fury, Brisbane Roar, Olympic FC and Australian national team.
rfan ahinba, was a Turkish academician, translator, athlete and a prominent figure in Turkey's intellectual life during the early Republican period. He taught English literature at Ankara University for over 44 years. A generation of Turkish ministers, ambassadors, governors, teachers and professors were his students.
Hadzhidimovo Municipality is situated in the southeastern part of Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria. The administrative center is the town of Hadzhidimovo, located in the northern part of the municipality. To the South Hadzhidimovo Municipality is bordering with the Greek municipality Kato Nevrokopi. Four Bulgarian municipalities are surrounding it: to the East is Satovcha Municipality, to the North are Garmen and Gotse Delchev municipalities and to the west is Sandanski Municipality.
Minam Lake is a high-elevation reservoir in the Eagle Cap Wilderness of the Wallowa Mountains in the U.S. state of Oregon. The unusual reservoir, a modified natural lake, has outlets on both its north and south ends. The south outlet drains to the Minam River, and the north outlet is the source of the Lostine River.
San Fabiano is a Romanesque-style, Roman Catholic church and abbey located at Via di Gherardo and Via del Seminario street in Prato, region of Tuscany, Italy. The early medieval structure is one of Prato's oldest churches.
Gianrico Tedeschi was an Italian actor and voice actor.
The Lockyer Valley Region is a local government area in the West Moreton region of South East Queensland, Australia, between the cities of Ipswich and Toowoomba. It was created in 2008 from a merger of the Shire of Gatton and the Shire of Laidley. Steve Jones, former mayor of Gatton, was elected as first mayor of the Lockyer Valley Region.
Maria Vittoria of Savoy was a legitimated daughter of Victor Amadeus II of Sardinia, first king of the House of Savoy. Married to the head of a cadet branch of the House of Savoy, she is an ancestor of the kings of Sardinia and of the Savoy kings of Italy.
Sosiaalikeskus Satama was a social center in Helsinki, Finland, opened in April 2009 and evicted August 2011.
Prospect Park is a light rail station on the Green Line in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It is located on 29th Avenue just south of the University of Minnesota Transitway between 4th Street Southeast and University Avenue.
Samanar Hills or Samanar Malai is a hill rock complex located in Keelakuyilkudi village, 15 kilometres from Madurai, Tamil Nadu, India. The hill has been declared as a protected monument by the Archaeological Survey of India.
Michael Cleveland is an American bluegrass fiddle player.
Ingmar Weber is a German computer scientist known for his research on Computational Social Science in which he uses online data to study population behavior. He is the Research Director for Social Computing at the Qatar Computing Research Institute. He serves as editor-in-chief for the International Conference on Web and Social Media. Weber is also an ACM Distinguished Speaker. Weber's research has been widely covered in the media.
The Yaquina Bay Light is a lighthouse that was built in 1871, soon after the founding of the city of Newport, Oregon, in the United States. It is located on the north side of Yaquina Bay. In 1871-1874, it was the busiest and most populated of the many coastal ports between Washington and California.
Sultan Ahmad Shah Airport is an airport that serves Kuantan, a city in the state of Pahang, Malaysia. The airport is located 15 km from the city. In 2009, the airport handled 226,912 passengers on 3,110 flights, though the airport is able to handle over one million passengers annually. In 2008, Taiwan and Tourism Malaysia had co-operated that there were 23 charter flights directly from Taipei to Kuantan Airport, this condition had made Kuantan Sultan Ahmad Shah Airport the first airport in East Coast of Peninsular Malaysia that received international flights. Passengers have to walk from the aircraft to the arrival hall.
Labeobarbus progenys is a species of cyprinid fish found in the African countries of Cameroon and West Congo, as well as a questionable presence in Angola.
Jay Scot Bilas is an American college basketball analyst who currently works for ESPN and CBS Sports. Bilas is a former college basketball player and coach who played for and served as assistant under Mike Krzyzewski at Duke University, as well as a practicing attorney in North Carolina.
Savo Island is an island in Solomon Islands in the southwest South Pacific ocean. Administratively, Savo Island is a part of the Central Province of the Solomon Islands. It is about 35 km from the capital Honiara. The principal village is Alialia, in the north of the island.
Highlands Air Force Station was a military installation in Middletown Township near the borough of Highlands, New Jersey. The station provided ground-controlled interception radar coverage as part of the Lashup Radar Network and the Semi-Automatic Ground Environment network, as well as providing radar coverage for the Highlands Army Air Defense Site. The site's 240 acres is now the Rocky Point section in Hartshorne Woods Park of the Monmouth County Parks System.
Croatia proper, or Central Croatia, is one of the four historical regions of the Republic of Croatia, together with Dalmatia, Slavonia, and Istria. It is located between Slavonia in the east, the Adriatic Sea in the west, and Dalmatia to the south. The region is not officially defined, and its borders and extent are described differently by various sources. Croatia proper is the most significant economic area of the country, contributing well over 50% of Croatia's gross domestic product. The capital of the Republic of Croatia, Zagreb, is the largest city and most important economic centre in Croatia proper.
"Vadasaurus is an extinct genus or rhynchocephalian closely related to the aquatic pleurosaurids. Although this genus was not as specialized as the eel-like pleurosaurs for aquatic life, various skeletal features support the idea that it had a semiaquatic lifestyle. The type species, Vadasaurus herzogi, was described and named in 2017. It was discovered in the Solnhofen Limestone in Germany, which is dated to the Late Jurassic. The generic name ""Vadasaurus"" is derived from ""vadare"", which is Latin for ""to go"" or ""to walk forth"", and ""saurus"", which means ""lizard"". ""Vadare"" is the root of the English word ""wade"", which is the reason it was chosen for this genus, in reference to its perceived semiaquatic habits. The specific name, ""herzogi"", refers to Werner Herzog, a Bavarian filmmaker."
The Pontiac Sunbird is a small car manufactured and marketed by Pontiac over two generations.
Lpugiu de Jos is a commune in Hunedoara County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of ten villages: Batea, Coseti, Fintoag, Grind, Holdea, Lpugiu de Jos, Lpugiu de Sus, Lsu, Ohaba and Teiu.
Gavriil Dmitriyevich Kachalin was a Soviet/Russian football player and coach.
"The Family is a Swedish songwriting and music production team consisting of the married couple Joy & Linnéa Deb and Anton Hård Af Segerstad. They have worked with artists such as Fifth Harmony, JoJo, and Måns Zelmerlöw. Together they wrote and composed the Eurovision Song Contest winning song ""Heroes"" performed by Måns Zelmerlöw in 2015. The song has had huge success and is the third-highest-scoring song in the history of the ESC. ""Heroes"" also peaked at #1 in 22 countries and was certified 5X Platinum in Sweden."
"The West Pleasant Street Historic District is a nationally recognized historic district located in Maquoketa, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. At the time of its nomination it contained 50 resources, which included 29 contributing buildings, 21 non-contributing buildings, and one non-contributing site. The historic district is primarily a residential area that was built during Maquoketa's ""Boom Years"" and the ""Comfortable Years"". The first house built in the district was in 1863 and the last was in 1914. This is where many of the city's business and professional leaders choose to build their houses. Most of the 28 houses were probably not designed by an architect, but were crafted in the ""High Style"" of the time by local builders. With the exception of Greek Revival, all the major styles of the period built in Maquoketa are found here. Eight of the houses and one of the three remaining carriage houses are brick structures; the rest are wood.
St Giles’ Church, Ollerton is a Grade II listed parish church in the Church of England in Ollerton.
Kelvin Manuel Mathijs Snoeks is a Dutch racing driver. In 2010 he competed in the FIA Formula Two Championship. Snoeks stayed in Formula Two for the 2011 season. He is currently racing in the DTM Trophy, which is a support series for the DTM.
Codex Macedoniensis or Macedonianus designated by Y or 034,  073, is a Greek uncial manuscript of the Gospels, dated palaeographically to the 9th century. The manuscript is lacunose.
Noards is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Gert Engels is a former German footballer and former coach of Mozambique.
Fernand Saivé was a Belgian cyclist. He competed in three events at the 1924 Summer Olympics winning a silver medal in the men's team trial and a bronze in the men's team pursuit.
West Jordan is a city in the suburbs of Salt Lake City. It is in the U.S. State of Utah. Just over 100,000 people live there.
36th Avenue is a local station on the BMT Astoria Line of the New York City Subway. It is located at the intersection of 36th Avenue and 31st Street in Astoria, Queens. The station is served by the N train at all times, as well as by the W train on weekdays.
The birdlike noctule is a species of bat. An adult birdlike noctule has a body length of 7.1-9.5 cm, a tail of 5.5-6.4 cm, and a wing length of 5.8-5.95 cm. It nests in the holes in old trees and buildings, and sometimes in mineshafts. It is distributed across Northeast Asia, from northeast China and Siberia through the Korean Peninsula to Japan.
Michel-Paul Guy de Chabanon was a violinist, composer, music theorist, and connoisseur of French literature. He was elected to the Académie des inscriptions et belles-lettres and the Académie française.
Gladice Georgina Keevil or Gladice G. Rickford was a British suffragette who served as head of the Midlands office of the Women's Social and Political Union between 1908 and 1910.
Lorna Ann Casselton, CBE, FRS was a British academic and biologist. She was Professor Emeritus of Fungal Genetics in the Department of Plant Science at the University of Oxford, and was known for her genetic and molecular analysis of the mushroom Coprinus cinereus and Coprinus lagopus.
Misanthrope is a French metal band, formed in 1989. The name of the band is taken from Molière's play Le Misanthrope, reflecting the band's very theatrical style and the influence of the French dramatist on their music and lyrics.
Baur en Ville, now the Savoy Baur en Ville, is the oldest Grand Hotel in Zürich, Switzerland. It was founded in 1838 and is located on Poststrasse on Paradeplatz. It has belonged to Credit Suisse for several decades. The hotel includes the two restaurants, Baur and Orsini, as well as the Savoy Bar.
Polyadenylate-binding protein 2 also known as polyadenylate-binding nuclear protein 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the PABPN1 gene. PABN1 is a member of a larger family of poly-binding proteins in the human genome.
The Georgia Music Hall of Fame was located in downtown Macon, Georgia, United States, from 1996 until it closed in 2011. The Hall of Fame preserved and interpreted the state's musical heritage through programs of collection, exhibition, education and performance; it attempted to foster an appreciation for Georgia music and tried to stimulate economic growth through a variety of dynamic partnerships and initiatives statewide. The Hall of Fame closed due to low attendance and reduced state funding.
Gmina Olszewo-Borki is a rural gmina in Ostroka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the village of Olszewo-Borki, which lies approximately 3 kilometres south-west of Ostroka and 99 km north-east of Warsaw.
Starship Troopers is an American military science-fiction media franchise based on the 1959 novel of the same name by Robert A. Heinlein and in part by its loose 1997 film adaptation by Paul Verhoeven.
Rees's Cyclopædia, in full The Cyclopædia; or, Universal Dictionary of Arts, Sciences, and Literature was an important 19th-century British encyclopaedia edited by Rev. Abraham Rees, a Presbyterian minister and scholar who had edited previous editions of Chambers's Cyclopædia.
The discography of Fugazi, an American post-hardcore band, consists of six studio albums, four EPs, a compilation album, a soundtrack album, a demo and a series of hundreds of live recordings. All of the band's releases have been published by Dischord Records, the independent record label co-owned and operated by Fugazi singer and guitarist Ian MacKaye.
A Stinger is a duo cocktail made by adding crème de menthe to brandy. The cocktail's origins can be traced to the United States in the 1890s, and the beverage remained widely popular in America until the 1970s. It was seen as a drink of the upper class, and has had a somewhat wide cultural impact.
Countess Louise de Mérode was a member of the House of Merode by birth and Princess della Cisterna by marriage.
Norwood Oval is a suburban oval in the western end of Norwood, an inner eastern suburb of Adelaide, South Australia. It is owned by Norwood, Payneham & St Peters Council but managed by the Norwood Football Club. Though mainly used for Australian rules football, the oval has been used for a variety of other sporting and community events including baseball, soccer, rugby league and American football. It is the home ground for the Norwood Football Club in the South Australian National Football League and the primary home ground of the Adelaide Crows in AFL Women's.
Dr Elspeth King is a Scottish curator, writer and social historian. She is known for her role as curator of social history at the People's Palace Museum in Glasgow, as Director the Stirling Smith Art Gallery and Museum, and for her scholarship on the Scottish Suffrage movement.
In geometry, the elongated cupolae are an infinite set of polyhedra, constructed by adjoining an n-gonal cupola to an n-gonal prism.
DCF77 is a German longwave time signal and standard-frequency radio station. It started service as a standard-frequency station on 1 January 1959. In June 1973 date and time information was added. Its primary and backup transmitter are located at 50°056N 9°0039E in Mainflingen, about 25 km south-east of Frankfurt am Main, Germany. The transmitter generates a nominal power of 50 kW, of which about 30 to 35 kW can be radiated via a T-antenna.
Jegenstorf Castle is a castle in the municipality of Jegenstorf of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Morosaphycita oculiferella is a moth of the family Pyralidae described by Edward Meyrick in 1879. It is known from Australia and New Zealand.
"Hurst v Picture Theatres Ltd [1915] 1 KB 1 is an English land law case, concerning licences ""in"" land, specifically ticketed events. The appeal court confirmed that there is no right, based on e.g. land owner's discretion as to determining trespassers, to remove the attendee if the venue operator is mistaken as to the attendee's right to attend."
"Lenine, artist name of Osvaldo Lenine Macedo Pimentel, is a Brazilian singer-songwriter from Recife, Pernambuco. In 2005, he has won two Latin Grammy Awards for ""Best Brazilian Contemporary Album"" and ""Best Brazilian Song""."
Azes II, may have been the last Indo-Scythian king in northern Indian subcontinent. His existence has been questioned — would he not have existed, artefacts attributed to his reign, such as coins, would likely be those Azes I.
Mocha Canton is a canton of Ecuador, located in the Tungurahua Province. Its capital is the town of Mocha. Its population at the 2001 census was 6,371.
EM gauge is a variant of 4 mm to a foot scale used in model railways.
Joanna Szeszko is a retired Polish female volleyball player, who played as a universal.
David II King of Scots, son of King Robert the Bruce by his second wife, Elizabeth de Burgh, was born at Dunfermline Palace, Fife.
Morris Township is a township in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 410 at the 2010 census.
Ar'ara is an Arab town in the Wadi Ara region in northern Israel. It is located south of Umm al-Fahm just northwest of the Green Line, and is part of the Triangle. In 2019, the population was 25,245.
USS R-12 (SS-89) was an R-class coastal and harbor defense submarine of the United States Navy.
The hepatogastric ligament or gastrohepatic ligament connects the liver to the lesser curvature of the stomach. It contains the right and the left gastric arteries. In the abdominal cavity it separates the greater and lesser sacs on the right. It is sometimes cut during surgery in order to access the lesser sac. The hepatogastric ligament consists of a dense cranial portion and the caudal portion termed the pars flaccida.
Daniël van Golden was a Dutch artist, who has been active as painter, photographer, collagist, installation artist, wall painter and graphic artist. He is known for his meticulous paintings of motives and details of everyday life and every day images.
Godzikowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oawa, within Oawa County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
22899 Alconrad, provisional designation 1999 TO, is a Koronian asteroid and binary system from the outer region of the asteroid belt, approximately 5 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 11 October 1999, by Croatian astronomers Korado Korlevi and Mario Juri at the Višnjan Observatory, Croatia.
The Didon was a 60-gun Dryade-class first rank frigate of the French Navy.
Jabel is a municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
The Rural Municipality of Fillmore No. 96 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 2 and SARM Division No. 1. It is located in the southeast portion of the province along Highway 33.
An Evening With Elmore & Gwendolyn Putts, The Neighbors Next Door is an American play, a farce written by Richard O’Donnell, directed by Amy McKenzie, and performed by the New Age Vaudeville theater company in Chicago.
Jenny Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The lake was formed approximately 12,000 years ago by glaciers pushing rock debris which carved Cascade Canyon during the last glacial maximum, forming a terminal moraine which now impounds the lake. The lake is estimated to be 256 feet deep and encompasses 1,191 acres. Jenny Lake is considered to be a major focal point in Grand Teton National Park, with many hiking trails, scenic boat rides, and quick access to the major climbing routes onto the tallest peaks of the Teton Range.
Cordyla africana Lour. is a tall, deciduous African tree with a large, spreading, much-branched crown, and a bole of some 2.2 m dbh. It is a member of the large leguminous family Fabaceae, and is known as Wild Mango in some areas. It is found up to 1000m elevation in large river valleys, in miombo woodland and coastal swampy evergreen forest, mostly on sandy soils, along the eastern parts of central and southern Africa. It occurs in South Africa in KwaZulu-Natal and Mpumalanga provinces, the Kruger National Park, Swaziland, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, Zambia, Malawi, Kenya and Tanzania. 'Cordyla' is from the Greek word 'kordyle', meaning a 'club' and is a reference to the club-shaped fruit and stalk.
The Esnault-Pelterie R.E.P. 1 and the R.E.P. 2 were experimental aircraft built and flown in France in the early twentieth century by Robert Esnault-Pelterie. These aircraft are historically significant because they were the first to employ a joystick as their main flight control.
Tropical Storm Katrina was a short-lived, weak tropical cyclone that produced minor damage across areas previously devastated by Hurricane Mitch in 1998. Forming out of a broad area of low pressure in the southwestern Caribbean Sea on October 28, 1999, the disorganized tropical storm made landfall near Puerto Cabezas, Nicaragua with winds of 40 mph on October 30 before weakening to a tropical depression. The remnants of the storm persisted until November 1, at which time it was absorbed by a cold front on the northern end of the Yucatán Peninsula.
Sulzberg is a municipality in the district of Bregenz, in the westernmost Austrian state of Vorarlberg.
Vyacheslav Mikhailovich Podberyozkin is a Russian professional football player. He plays as an attacking midfielder or right winger for FC Ural Yekaterinburg.
Micha Kociuszko is a Polish rally driver, who currently competes in the Production World Rally Championship. He has previously won rounds of the Junior World Rally Championship and has competed in the Super 2000 World Rally Championship.
Lindiwe Magwede is a Zimbabwean association football goalkeeper. She is a member of the Zimbabwe women's national football team and represented the country in their Olympic debut at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Tetsuharu Kawakami was a Japanese baseball player and manager, known for his red bat, and his nickname .
Lena Petermann is a German football striker, currently playing for Montpellier in the Division 1 Feminine.
This is a list of Serbian Orthodox Christian monasteries.
Kirchberg im Wald is a municipality in the district of Regen, in Bavaria, Germany.
Hietzing is the 13th municipal District of Vienna. It is located west of the central districts, west of Meidling. Hietzing is a heavily populated urban area with many residential buildings, but also contains large areas of the Vienna Woods, along with Schönbrunn Palace.
Tievenadarragh is a townland of 1,269 acres in County Down, Northern Ireland, at Loughinisland. It is situated in the civil parish of Loughinisland and the historic barony of Kinelarty.
Lake Georgetown is a reservoir on the north fork of the San Gabriel River in central Texas in the United States. Lake Georgetown is a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers reservoir formed on the San Gabriel by the North San Gabriel Dam, which is located about three miles west of Georgetown, Texas. The dam, lake, and all adjacent property are managed by the Fort Worth District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The dam was officially completed on October 5, 1979, and serves to provide flood control for the community of Georgetown. Lake Georgetown is also a source of drinking water for Georgetown and the nearby city of Round Rock. The lake is also a popular recreational destination.
Chaloupky is a municipality and village in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It is located 24 kilometres southwest of Beroun and 52 kilometres southwest of Prague.
Chris Roberts is an American video game designer, programmer, film producer and film director. He created the Wing Commander series while at Origin Systems and is now working on the crowdfunded space simulator Star Citizen.
Western Grove is a town in Newton County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 384 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Harrison Micropolitan Statistical Area.
The 1855 Atlantic hurricane season featured tropical cyclone landfalls in the Gulf Coast of the United States, the Greater Antilles, and Mexico, but none along the East Coast of the United States. It was inactive, with only five known tropical cyclones. Operationally, another tropical storm was believed to have existed offshore Atlantic Canada in late August and early September, but HURDAT – the official Atlantic hurricane database – now excludes this system. The first system, Hurricane One, was initially observed on August 6. The final storm, Hurricane Five, was last observed on September 17. These dates fall within the period with the most tropical cyclone activity in the Atlantic. At one point during the season, two tropical cyclones existed simultaneously. Two of the cyclones only have a single known point in their tracks due to a sparsity of data, so storm summaries for those systems are unavailable.
Razan Zaitouneh or Zeitunah is a Syrian human rights lawyer and activist. She was born 29 April 1977. In March 2013, Zeitouneh received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. State Department. In December 2013, Zeitouneh disappeared in Syria.
The distinct quaker is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found from coast to coast in most of United States and south-eastern Canada.
Ramón Sampedro Cameán was a Spanish seaman and writer. Sampedro became a quadriplegic at the age of 25, following a diving accident, and fought for his right to an assisted suicide for the following 29 years.
"Daedunsan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do, western South Korea. It has an elevation of 878 metres. Daedunsan has a thousand stone rods extending for 6 km. Daedun Mountain belongs to the ""Old Mountain Range"". The vegetation is generally 600m in height, with pine trees, oak trees, Korean plum-yem trees and so on. Above that, deciduous broad-leaved trees are dense."
Herrevad Abbey was a Cistercian monastery near Ljungbyhed in Klippan Municipality, Scania, in the south of present-day Sweden, but formerly in Denmark until 1658. It is now a country house known as Herrevad Castle.
Plantago rigida is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family from South America.
Tin is a town located in Inabe District, Mie Prefecture, Japan. As of November 2012, the town had an estimated population of 25,552 and a population density of 1130 persons per km². The total area was 22.66 km².
Ilsfeld is a town in the district of Heilbronn in Baden-Württemberg in Germany, on the outer edge of the Stuttgart Metropolitan Region. In addition to the village of Ilsfeld proper, it includes the formerly independent settlements of Auenstein and Schozach and some hamlets. Formerly predominantly agricultural, it has become more commercially oriented since an autobahn exit was built in the 1950s. The village of Ilsfeld was largely destroyed by a fire in 1904, and was rebuilt with public buildings in a rustic Württemberg style with Jugendstil elements.
"Gerrit ""Gerrie"" Slot is a retired amateur Dutch track cyclist who was active between 1973 and 1980. He competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics in the 4 km team time trial and finished in fifth place. In 1979 he won the national title in the point race."
James Kirke Paulding was an American writer and, for a time, the United States Secretary of the Navy. Paulding 's early writings were satirical and violently anti-British, as shown in The Diverting History of John Bull and Brother Jonathan. He wrote numerous long poems and serious histories. Among his novels are Konigsmarke, the Long Finne and The Dutchman's Fireside. He is best known for creating the inimitable Nimrod Wildfire, the “half horse, half alligator” in The Lion of the West, and as collaborator with William Irving and Washington Irving in Salmagundi.
The Greek Catholic diocese of Oradea Mare is the Eparchy of the Romanian Greek Catholic Church for the area of Oradea.
Karim Onisiwo is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Mainz 05.
Weston is a master planned suburban community in Broward County, Florida, United States. Located 32 miles northwest of Miami, Weston established itself as a city in 1996, much of the community was developed by Arvida/JMB Realty and is located near the western developmental boundary of Broward County. It is the most western city in Broward County, and its entire west side is next to the Everglades. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 65,333. Weston is a principal city of the Miami metropolitan area, which was home to an estimated 6,012,331 people at the 2015 census.
Gosawskie Lake is a shallow lake in central Poland known as Jezioro Gosawskie in Polish. It is located in Konin County in Gmina lesin, in the basin of the River Warta. It is one of several lakes known collectively as the heated Konin Lakes because the water temperature is raised as a result of the outflow received from two power stations.
Gmina Ojrze is a rural gmina in Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the village of Ojrze, which lies approximately 13 kilometres south-west of Ciechanów and 69 km north-west of Warsaw.
Matthias H. Nichols was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
The Maya Rata, also known as the Kingdom of Dakkinadesa, was a medieval era Sinhalese kingdom located in Western part of Sri Lanka. The capitals were Kelaniya & Panduwasnuwara. The boundaries of the Kingdom of Maya Rata are Deduru Oya River from North, and Kalu River River from South.
Chur West railway station is a railway station in Chur, Switzerland. It is located on the Landquart–Thusis line of the Rhaetian Railway. It is served twice hourly by Chur S-Bahn trains in each direction. Some daytime long-distance services also stop at this station.
Jasenica is a village and municipality in Považská Bystrica District in the Trenín Region of north-western Slovakia.
Frederick III of Baden was Margrave of Baden from 1348 to 1353.
Périers is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
John Jacobs is an American film and television producer best known for producing the films Anger Management, Blades of Glory, Ted, Ted 2, and Beverly Hills Chihuahua. He is also credited as a consulting producer on several television shows including Family Guy and American Dad. John has produced for most of the major studios including Universal Pictures, DreamWorks, Paramount, Disney, FOX, and Sony. Since 1998, Jacobs' films have grossed over a billion dollars worldwide.
The national flag of Latvia was used by independent Latvia from 1918 until the country was occupied by the Soviet Union in 1940. Its use was suppressed during Soviet rule. On 27 February 1990, shortly before the country regained its independence, the Latvian government re-adopted the traditional red-white-red flag.
Sparta is a city in north central Christian County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,756 at the 2010 census.
The Rev. Samuel Eyles Pierce was an English preacher, theologian, and Calvinist divine. A Dissenter from the Honiton area, Pierce was an evangelical church minister aligned with Calvinist Baptist theology. He wrote more than fifty books and many sermons.
Borduria is a fictional country in The Adventures of Tintin, the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé. It is located in the Balkans and has a rivalry with the fictional neighbouring country of Syldavia. Borduria is depicted in King Ottokar's Sceptre and The Calculus Affair, and is referred to in Tintin and the Picaros.
The SIG P210 is a locked breech self loading, semi-automatic pistol designed and manufactured in Neuhausen am Rheinfall by SIG from 1948 until 2006.
Douglas Street is a street converted for pedestrian use in the core of Hong Kong's Central District. It runs north-south from Connaught Road Central to Des Voeux Road Central, and ends at its intersection with Des Voeux Road Central, though the street name is continued in Douglas Lane which continues almost all the way to Queen's Road Central before curving and converging with Li Yuen Street East.
The YM Museum of Marine Exploration Kaohsiung is a museum about marine exploration in Cijin District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
Achgarve is a small coastal crofting and fishing hamlet, situated between Gruinard Bay and Loch Ewe on the Rubha Mòr peninsula, in the north west coast of Ross-shire, Scottish Highlands. An old track leads from Achgarve across the peninsula to the deserted village of Slaggan at Slaggan Bay to the west.
Kamenický Šenov is a town in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 3,900 inhabitants.
House at 56 Cornelia Street is a historic home located at Plattsburgh in Clinton County, New York. It was built in about 1850 and is a two-story, rectangular building on a stone foundation. It features a porch with a moulded cornice and decorative brackets.
Quick Restaurants is an originally Belgian chain of hamburger fast food restaurants based in Bobigny, Seine-Saint-Denis, France. Founded in 1971 by Belgian entrepreneur Baron François Vaxelaire, Quick is the first hamburger chain founded in Europe with around 400 restaurants.
Plouha is a town and commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
The Mahanarayana Upanishad is an ancient Sanskrit text and is one of the minor Upanishads of Hinduism. The text is classified as a Vaishnava Upanishad.
The Lanchester Eighteen at first known as the 15/18 was announced at the beginning of October 1931. Quite unlike any previous Lanchester it was their first new car following BSA's takeover of The Lanchester Motor Company Limited in January 1931. A medium sized car was a new departure for Lanchester.
Aryamala was a 1941 Tamil-language film starring P. U. Chinnappa, M. S. Sarojini, M. R. Santhanalakshmi and T. S. Balaiah in the lead roles. Aryamala was a major box office success and established Chinnappa as a box office hero. Soon he scaled great heights with hits such as Kannagi, Jagathalaprathapan, Kubera Kuchela and Krishna Bhakthi.
"John Albert ""Jack"" Arbour was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman who played for several teams in a variety of leagues between 1922 and 1938. The younger brother of Ty Arbour, he did not repeat his older brother's success in the National Hockey League, and managed only 47 games over 2 seasons with the Detroit Cougars and Toronto Maple Leafs. He finished his NHL career in 1938 with 5 goals and one assist."
Meadow Valley is a census-designated place in Plumas County, California, United States. The population was 464 at the 2010 census, down from 575 at the 2000 census.
Immanuel Church is in the village of Feniscowles, near Blackburn, Lancashire, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Blackburn with Darwen, the archdeaconry of Blackburn, and the diocese of Blackburn. The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Scaphium longiflorum is a species of plant in the family Malvaceae. It is a tree endemic to Peninsular Malaysia.
Kupferbach is a river of Thuringia and Bavaria, Germany. It is a tributary of the Tannbach near Töpen.
Darende is a district of Malatya Province of Turkey. The mayor is Süleyman Eser.
"King Edgar or Eadgar I was the younger son of King Edmund I of England. He had the nickname, ""the Peaceable"", but was a stronger king than his elder brother, Edwy. He took the kingdoms of Northumbria and Mercia from Edwy in 958.
Wandersleben is a village and a former municipality in the district of Gotha, in Thuringia, Germany. Since 1 January 2009, it is part of the municipality Drei Gleichen.
"McVeytown is a borough in Mifflin County, Pennsylvania, on the west bank of the Juniata River. Formerly Waynesburg, it was settled in 1762, laid out in 1795, and incorporated in 1833. The population was 405 at the 2000 census. The ""Father of Pennsylvania Forestry"", Dr. Joseph Rothrock was born in McVeytown on April 9, 1839. He was largely responsible for the acquisition of the lands that became Pennsylvania state parks and forests, including Rothrock State Forest."
Macrozamia is a genus of around forty species of cycads, family Zamiaceae, all of which are endemic to Australia. Many parts of the plant have been utilised for food and material, most of which is toxic if not processed correctly.
The European turtle dove is a member of the bird family Columbidae, the doves and pigeons. It breeds over a wide area of the south western Palearctic including north Africa but migrates to northern sub-Saharan Africa to winter.
Lose Hill lies in the Derbyshire Peak District. It is the south-east corner of the parish of Edale and the end of the Great Ridge that runs from Rushup Edge to the west.
Major General Sir Jack Edwin Stawell Stevens, KBE, CB, DSO, ED was a senior officer in the Australian Army during the Second World War. He was best known as the commanding officer of the 6th Division from 1943 to 1945.
Webster Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 1,283 people in the township.
Viking Moses is a band fronted by Brendon Massei, an American songwriter noted for being on tour since 1993. Founded in 2003 and currently based in Baltimore, the group features a rotating cast of musicians. Viking Moses has worked with the Alan McGee's Poptones record label as well as Portland-based Marriage Records.
Haux is a commune situated in the Gironde department in southwestern France.
The Sherry-Netherland is a 38-story apartment hotel located at 781 Fifth Avenue on the corner of East 59th Street in the Upper East Side neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. It was designed and built by Schultze & Weaver with Buchman & Kahn. The building is 560.01 feet high, and was noted as the tallest apartment-hotel in New York City when it opened.
Ayeyarwady Bank Ltd. is a private bank in Myanmar. AYA Bank was established on 2 July 2010 with the permission of the Central Bank of Myanmar. The AYA Bank's head office is located in the Rowe Building Kyauktada Township of Yangon.
The Bonifacio Capital District is a financial district in Metro Manila, Philippines under the joint management of Megaworld Corporation and the Bases Conversion and Development Authority. It covers the southern area of Fort Bonifacio with the Bonifacio Global City district situated north of the BCD. Makati also claims jurisdiction of the area as part of its Post Proper Southside barangay.
Miguel Molina González is a professional racing driver from Spain. He currently competes in the FIA World Endurance Championship and other selected GT races for AF Corse. He was a member of the Circuit de Catalunya Young Drivers Programme.
Hudson is a city in Summit County, Ohio, United States. The population was 22,262 at the 2010 census. It is a suburban community in the Akron metropolitan statistical area and the larger Cleveland–Akron–Canton Combined Statistical Area, the 17th-largest Combined Statistical Area in the United States.
Albania is a town and municipality in Caquetá Department, Colombia.
Grattan Bridge is a road bridge spanning the River Liffey in Dublin, Ireland, and joining Capel Street to Parliament Street and the south quays.
Unmun-sa is a Buddhist temple located on the southernmost part of the Taebaek Mountains in Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea. It was built in the 21st year of the reign of King Jinheung. Around the end of the Silla Kingdom, the temple was expanded and renamed as Taejakgap-sa, but its name was changed to its current Unmansa in the 20th year of the reign of King Taejo. Parts of the temple were destroyed down during the invasion of the Korean peninsula by the Japanese general Toyotomi Hideyoshi.
Northampton General Hospital is a district general hospital in Northampton, Northamptonshire, England. It is managed by the Northampton General Hospital NHS Trust.
Peter Joseph Triest was a prelate of the Diocese of Ghent. He is known for his foundations of religious communities in this diocese.
Andrew William Burrows is an English songwriter and musician. He was the drummer in the band Razorlight from 2004 to 2009, as well as We Are Scientists from 2009 to 2014.
John Bowe is an Australian racing driver, presently racing a Holden Torana in the Touring Car Masters series.
The Lemon shark is a shark that gets its name from its deep yellow back. Its belly is off-white. Lemon sharks are usually eight to ten feet long. They have long, sharp teeth for catching slippery fish. Lemon sharks are common on the southeast coast of the United States of America.
Fort Rucker is a [state regiment basic instruction Army|state Calvery infiltry Army]] post located primarily in Dale County, Alabama, United States has no authority within state.old ft.Sumter south It was named for a Civil War officer, [[Confederate States
The Holden Gemini is a compact car that was produced by Holden and sold in Australasia from 1975 to 1986. It was based on the Japanese Isuzu Gemini, one of the many models based on the GM T-car platform.
The 1st East Yorkshire Artillery Volunteers was a part-time unit of Britain's Royal Artillery based in the East Riding of Yorkshire, which also contained sub-units from the North and West Ridings. Created during an invasion scare in 1859–1860, it survived to supply units to the later Territorial Force of the 20th century.
Little Italy is a neighbourhood in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It is centred on Saint Laurent Boulevard between Jean Talon Street and St. Zotique Street in the borough of Rosemont–La Petite-Patrie, south of Villeray and Jarry Park.
Dreibelbis Mill is a historic grist mill located in Perry Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. The mill was built in 1854, and is a 2 1/2-story, brick building on a banked stone basement. The mill remained in operation until 1985. After 1944, it was powered by a diesel engine.
The High Speed Railway line connecting Barcelona and the French border crosses the Municipality of Vilafant 19 ft below the ground level. To cross the sunken railroad, two pedestrian bridges were constructed. The structure, with one span of 150 ft, is monolithically connected with the abutments. The use of unusual geometric shapes fabricated using stainless-steel and GFRP are blended in an innovative fashion, giving rise to an austere and elegant solution.
The Palawan massacre occurred on 14 December 1944, during World War II, near the city of Puerto Princesa in the Philippine province of Palawan. Allied soldiers, imprisoned near the city, were killed by Imperial Japanese soldiers.
The Zinn House, located at Kvæsthusgade 3, is a historic townhouse around the corner from the Nyhavn Canal in central Copenhagen, Denmark. It takes its name after the Zinn family, a wealthy family of merchants that owned it for more than 150 years. The composer Johan Peter Emilius Hartmann, who was married to Emma Sophie Amalie Zinn, a grand daughter of Johann Ludvig Zinn, lived on the second floor for more than 70 years in the period 1829–1900. The building was adapted in 1907. It was later in the century converted into offices. The building was listed on the Danish registry of protected buildings and places in 1959.
Margrethe Aabel Munthe was a Norwegian teacher, children's writer, songwriter and playwright.
The 815 series is an AC electric multiple unit train type operated on local services by Kyushu Railway Company in Japan since 1999.
Petersburg is a city in Grant County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 2,467 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Grant County.
Tiznow is an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for his wins in the Breeders' Cup Classic in 2000 and 2001, becoming the only horse to win this race twice. He was the 2000 American Horse of the Year and was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 2009.
Hot and sour noodles is a dish which comes from Sichuan, China and is a popular part of Sichuan Cuisine. The noodles are made from starch derived from peas, potato, sweet potato, or rice.
The Glan is a river in southwestern Germany, right tributary of the Nahe. It is approximately 68 km long. It rises in the Saarland, northwest of Homburg. It flows generally north, through Rhineland-Palatinate, and empties into the Nahe near Odernheim am Glan, at Staudernheim, across the Nahe from Bad Sobernheim. Other towns along the Glan are Altenglan, Glan-Münchweiler, Lauterecken and Meisenheim.
Felienne Hermans, Felienne, is a scientist working at Leiden University as an associate professor. Her research interest include programming education and spreadsheets.
The Privia is a line of digital pianos and stage pianos manufactured by Casio. They have 4-layer stereo piano samples which provides articulated dynamics using Casio's Linear Morphing sound technology and up to 256 notes of polyphony, depending on model. As with other digital pianos, all Privia models feature weighted keyboard action which simulates the action on an acoustic piano.
Trinity Academy is a non-selective co-educational secondary school in the English Academy programme, at Thorne near Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England.
Panicum capillare, known by the common name witchgrass, is a species of grass. It is native plant to most of North America from the East Coast through all of the West Coast and California. It can be found as an introduced species in Eurasia, and as a weed in gardens and landscaped areas. It grows in many types of habitat.
The Blas de Lezo-class cruisers were a group of two cruisers built for the Spanish Navy in the 1920s. The ships were ordered in 1915 but construction proceeded slowly due to materials shortages during World War I. The ships were built by Sociedad Española de Construcción Naval in Ferrol and showed considerable British design influence, resembling contemporary British C-class cruisers.
Ærøskøbing Municipality is a former municipality of Funen County on the island of Ærø. The municipality was formed in 1970 and disestablished in 2006 when it was integrated into Ærø Municipality.
Marlboro is a hamlet in Ulster County, New York, United States. The population was 3,669 at the 2010 census. Marlboro is in the southeastern part of the town of Marlborough, located in the southeast corner of the county.
HMS Dido was a Royal Navy Leander-class frigate. Entering service in 1961, Dido was involved in the Indonesia-Malaysia confrontation, served with NATO's Standing Naval Force Atlantic on several occasions, and was one of the frigates used for the filming of the drama series Warship.
Hermann Jaeger, a native of Switzerland, was a celebrated enologist, honored as a Chevalier of the Ordre National du Mérite Agricole for his part in saving the French wine industry from the phylloxera root louse pest.
Halet Çambel was a Turkish archaeologist and Olympic fencer. She was the first Muslim woman to compete in the Olympic Games.
The FN Model 24 series is a line of Mauser Gewehr 98 pattern bolt-action battle rifles produced by the Belgian Fabrique Nationale. They are similar to the Czech vz. 24 rifle, featuring open sights, 8×57mm IS chambering, carbine-length barrels, hardwood stocks, and straight bolt handles.
DeAngelo Samuel, better known by his stage name Nyzzy Nyce, is an American rapper from Fort Wayne, Indiana.
David Karl William Wilcox is a Canadian rock musician.
Daniel Márcio Fernandes is a professional footballer who plays for Tarxien Rainbows as a goalkeeper.
Climax is a city in Greenwood County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 72.
Caucasotachea is a genus of medium-sized air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Helicidae.
The Grand Mosque of Durrës or New Mosque is a historic Albanian Mosque in the port-town of Durrës, Albania.
Mattaponi is an unincorporated community in King and Queen County, Virginia, United States. The main roads in Mattaponi are U.S. Route 301 and Virginia Secondary Route 601.
John Murdoch of Ayr was Robert Burns's most significant teacher or tutor and he was a friend of the Burnes family. He was born in 1747 and first taught Gilbert and Robert Burns in Alloway when he was only aged eighteen. He remained in contact with the Burnes family for several years after leaving Ayrshire for London. Murdoch, William Burnes and Richard Brown were amongst the most significant influences on Burns life during his early years in Ayrshire.
Russula aurea, commonly known as the gilded brittlegill, is an uncommon species of mushroom found in deciduous woodland in Europe in summer and early autumn. Unlike many red-capped members of the genus, it is edible and mild-tasting.
Monte Maggiorasca is a mountain on the border between Liguria and Emilia-Romagna, northern Italy.
Konstanz is a university city with approximately 83,000 inhabitants located at the western end of Lake Constance in the south of Germany. The city houses the University of Konstanz and was the residence of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Konstanz for more than 1,200 years.
"Chicken inasal, commonly known simply as inasal, is a variant of lechon manok. It is chicken marinated in a mixture of calamansi, pepper, coconut vinegar and annatto, then grilled over hot coals while basted with the marinade. It is served with rice, calamansi, soy sauce, chicken oil and vinegar. A common dish in the Visayas, it is a popular specialty in the city of Bacolod, where an entire street market is dedicated to local dishes, particularly inasal. A sign in the heart of the market reads ""Manokan Country"". Many restaurant chains are famous for serving inasal, like Bacolod Chicken Inasal and Mang Inasal, which originated in Iloilo City."
The Hamilton Wood Type and Printing Museum was founded in 2000 and is located in Two Rivers, Wisconsin, United States. The museum is run by the Two Rivers Historical Society. It is dedicated to the preservation, study, production and printing of wood type used in letterpress printing. The museum is located in a factory building of the Hamilton Manufacturing Company founded in 1880 by J.E. Hamilton. The museum has a collection of over 1.5 million pieces in more than 1,000 styles of wood type. Also included are presses and vintage prints. The museum holds many workshops and conferences throughout the year and regularly welcomes groups of students from universities from across the United States.
eralije is a village in Croatia, in the municipality of Voin, Virovitica-Podravina County. It is connected by the D69 highway.
Santa Sofia d'Epiro is an Arbëresh town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Nymphaea lotus, the white Egyptian lotus, tiger lotus, white lotus or Egyptian white water-lily, is a flowering plant of the family Nymphaeaceae.
Kalkan is a town on the Turkish Mediterranean coast, and an important tourist destination. The area includes many historical sites and many fine beaches.
Gary MacDonald is an English footballer who plays as a defender, and was most recently a player/assistant manager of Hungerford Town. He has made over 150 appearances in the Football League and the Conference Premier.
Fritz Ryser was a Swiss cyclist. He won the UCI Motor-paced World Championships in 1908 and finished in third place in 1901.
Yoshiyuki Sadamoto is a Japanese character designer, manga artist, and one of the founding members of the Gainax anime studio.
Geyer is a town in the district of Erzgebirgskreis, in Saxony, Germany. It has a population of about 4000.
JD Eicher is an American singer-songwriter and musician from Youngstown, Ohio.
The Depoe Bay Whale Watching Center, also known as the Depoe Bay Ocean Wayside, is an Oregon State Parks-staffed visitor center in Depoe Bay, Oregon, U.S. to help visitors observe whale migration and provide information about whales and other marine mammals, including history, economics, and their environmental and ecological influences. The wayside provides a sheltered platform from which to view the ocean. First established as a wayside parking area on the Oregon Coast Highway in 1930, the wayside building was built in 1956 as a restroom facility for the popular spot. It is located just to the north of the Depoe Bay Bridge, also on the National Register.
Ascot Corner is a municipality in Le Haut-Saint-François Regional County Municipality in the Estrie region of Quebec.
"The 1st ""Warsaw"" Mechanised Division was a mechanized infantry formation of the Polish Land Forces that existed from 1955 until September 1, 2011. During this entire period, the division was headquartered in Legionowo. The unit stood down in 2011 as a result of reorganizations in the Polish Army.
"Uranius Mons, formerly Uranius Patera, is a volcano on Mars located in the Tharsis quadrangle, named after a classical albedo feature. The name ""Uranius Patera"" now refers only to the volcano's central caldera. It is 4,853 metres high and has shallow slopes. It belongs to the Uranius group of volcanoes in the Tharsis area. The sides of Uranius Mons consist of radial lava flows; the large caldera is elongated in the southwestern direction. The surrounding plains are younger and part of the Tharsis Montes Formation of the Amazonian epoch."
Mound City is a city in Holt County, Missouri, United States, centered near the interchange of Interstate 29 and Missouri Route 118. The population was 1,159 at the 2010 census, slightly down from the 1,193 people counted during the previous census.
"Paul Wong Koon-chung, known professionally as Paul Wong, is a Hong Kong musician, singer, songwriter and producer. He is the lead guitarist of the rock band Beyond, which has been disestablished since 2005. He earned the award ""the Best Rock Singer"" in Hit Awards 2012. He is also a member of Hong Kong Artistes Christian Fellowship."
Chitose-Funabashi Station is a stop on the Odawara Line by Odakyu Electric Railway and is located in Setagaya, Tokyo, Japan.
The geography of Shanghai is characterised by its location on the Yangtze River Delta on China's east coast and its proximity to the Pacific Ocean via the East China Sea. The city is centred on the Huangpu River, a tributary of the Yangtze River, and extends outwards in all directions, with the suburbs and satellite towns reaching east to the East China Sea, north and west to Jiangsu province, and south to Zhejiang province over Hangzhou Bay.
Lincoln Park is the largest urban park located in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Washington, D.C. It was known historically as Lincoln Square. From 1862 to 1865, it was the site of the largest hospital in Washington, DC: Lincoln Hospital.
Länggrien is an island in the River Aare, located in the canton of Solothurn. The island has a maximum length of 600 metres and a maximum width of 270 metres. Its highest point is 428 metres above sea level, a few metres above the river level. The minimum distance from the shore is about 50 metres.
19th Avenue in a north-south city street in San Francisco, California. It consists of two non-contiguous segments that are separated by Golden Gate Park. The southern segment is a six-lane arterial thoroughfare, mostly signed as part of California State Route 1, that goes through the southwestern part of the city. The non-contiguous northern segment is primarily a residential street through the Richmond District.
Box Elder is a city in Pennington and Meade counties in the State of South Dakota. The population was 7,800 at the 2010 census, making it the 13th most populous city in South Dakota. Ellsworth Air Force Base lies on the northeast side of the city.
Tungawan, officially the Municipality of Tungawan, is a 2nd class municipality in the province of Zamboanga Sibugay, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 42,030 people.
USS Alfred A. Cunningham, an Allen M. Sumner-class destroyer, is the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Alfred Austell Cunningham, a USMC officer and aviator.
The yellow-billed pintail is a South American dabbling duck of the genus Anas with three described subspecies.
Matanuska Glacier is a valley glacier in the US state of Alaska. At 27 miles long by 4 miles wide, it is the largest glacier accessible by car in the United States. Its terminus feeds the Matanuska River. It lies near the Glenn Highway about 100 miles north-east of Anchorage in Glacier View. Matanuska Glacier flows about 1 foot per day. Due to ablation of the lower glacier, as of 2007, the location of the glacier terminus changed little over the previous three decades.
The Neoplan Transliner was a series of related public transport single-decker bus models introduced by Neoplan USA in 1981. It was able to compete with the Rapid Transit Series, Flxible Metro, Gillig Phantom and the Orion I in the early 1980s.
Grand Boulevard is a beltway in Corona, California that was recognized by the National Register of Historic Places in 2011 as a part of the Grand Boulevard Historic District.
Peatrig Hill is a minor hill in Scotland, located about 15 km south-southeast of Edinburgh. One of the Moorfoot Hills, it is located in the parish of Heriot in the Scottish Borders Council Area.
Sentinum was an ancient town currently located in the Marche region of Italy. It was situated in the low ground about a kilometre south of the present-day town of Sassoferrato. The ruins of Sentinum were partially excavated in 1890 and the results were published by T. Buccolini.
Stephen Daniel Crainey is a Scottish former professional footballer. A left back, he made 319 appearances in the Premier League and Football League, including 214 for Blackpool.
Naval Stores is a heritage-listed storehouse at 34 Amesbury Street, Kangaroo Point, Queensland, Australia. It was built from 1886 to 1900s. It is also known as Naval Brigade Stores and Naval Depot. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
Mount Ommaney Shopping Centre is located on Dandenong Road in the suburb of Mount Ommaney in the southwest of Brisbane. After a major expansion, which was completed in 2010, the centre now has 170 stores. Major tenants include Big W, Coles, Kmart Australia, Target Australia, Woolworths and Aldi and JB Hi-Fi.
Dachsbach is a market town and municipality in the district of Neustadt-Bad Windsheim, in the administrative region of Middle Franconia in northern Bavaria in Germany.
"Assignment: Venezuela is a 1956 American short propaganda film. It is a fictional travelogue designed to promote working in the oil industry in Venezuela. It was directed by John H. ""Jack"" Tobin and is part of the Prelinger Archives, available in the public domain. It was made into a Mystery Science Theater 3000 spoof in the 1990s."
Berkeley Castle is a castle in the town of Berkeley, Gloucestershire, United Kingdom. The castle's origins date back to the 11th century, and it has been designated by English Heritage as a grade I listed building.
Justin Louis Baldoni is an American actor, director, and filmmaker best known for portraying Rafael Solano on The CW satirical romantic dramedy Jane the Virgin.
Piteå is a locality and the seat of Piteå Municipality in Norrbotten County, Sweden.
"The black-bellied whistling duck, formerly called the black-bellied tree duck, is a whistling duck that breeds from the southernmost United States and tropical Central to south-central South America. In the US, it can be found year-round in peninsular Florida, parts of southeast Texas, coastal Alabama and seasonally in southeast Arizona, and Louisiana's Gulf Coast. It is a rare breeder in such disparate locations as Arkansas, Georgia, Tennessee, and South Carolina, though it is now a common breeder in parts of central Florida. There is a large population of several hundred that winter each year in Audubon Park in uptown New Orleans, Louisiana. Since it is one of only two whistling duck species native to North America, it is occasionally just known as the ""whistling duck"" or ""Mexican squealer"" in the southern USA."
Randal Allen Mihailoff is an American actor and former professional wrestler.
Sosnovsky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the twenty-seven in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia. It is located in the northern central part of the oblast. The area of the district is 2,112 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the rural locality of Dolgoderevenskoye. Population: 60,941; 58,570; 54,328. The population of Dolgoderevenskoye accounts for 12.6% of the district's total population.
Matthew Lawrence Janning is an American-born naturalized Georgian professional basketball player who last played for Baskonia of the Liga ACB and the EuroLeague. He is a 6 ft 5 in tall shooting guard that played college basketball for Northeastern University.
The Caledonian Estate is a Grade II listed, early Edwardian estate towards the northern end of the Caledonian Road in Islington, London. It is situated next to Pentonville Prison. The Estate was built on the site of the classical Caledonian Asylum from which the Road took its name.
Samantha Jane Lane is an Australian AFL and sports writer for The Age newspaper, television and radio personality and daughter of veteran journalist and commentator Tim Lane. She was a panelist on Before The Game on Network Ten for over a decade.
Andrew Keegan Heying is an American actor best known for his roles in television shows including Moesha, Party of Five and 7th Heaven and in films such as 10 Things I Hate about You, The Broken Hearts Club and O.
Sibbeh is a small town in northwestern Syria, located 17 kilometers northeast of Safita in the Tartus Governorate. It is situated atop two hills and the valley between them, in the Syrian coastal mountain range. Nearby localities Mashta al-Helu and al-Kafrun to the south, Duraykish to the west, Wadi al-Oyun to the northwest and Ayn al-Shams to the northeast.
Maxime Le Forestier is a French singer-songwriter.
The Carpathian gudgeon is a species of gudgeon, a small freshwater in the family Cyprinidae. It is widespread in Europe in the Tisza system, Danube drainage in Ukraine. Freshwater demersal fish, up to 12.0 cm long.
The Kalce Ridge is a 2,224-metre-high mountain of the Kamnik–Savinja Alps in northern Slovenia. It is the highest peak of the Krvavec Group.
The Palvico is an emissary of the lake Lago d'Ampola. Between Tiarno di Sopra and Storo the river flows inside a deep cut canyon through various basins with steps up to 20 m in between. The last bassin opens with a 50 m drop called Buco della Morte to the valley at Storo.
Heliopsis longipes is a rare species of flowering plant in the sunflower family. It has been found only in the states of Guanajuato, San Luis Potosí, and Querétaro in north-central Mexico.
Bracken Ridge is a northern suburb of Brisbane, the capital city of Queensland, Australia. Its local government area is the City of Brisbane, in which it has its own ward.
"The DeSoto Deluxe is an automobile produced by DeSoto from 1939 through to the 1952 model year. While in production, the Deluxe was DeSoto's entry-level car, and was offered primarily as two-door and four-door sedans. The Deluxe range also included the extended-wheelbase Suburban sedan. The body was claimed to be ""rust proofed"".
Hiry was an aircraft carrier built for the Imperial Japanese Navy during the 1930s. Generally regarded as the only ship of her class, she was built to a modified Sry design. Her aircraft supported the Japanese invasion of French Indochina in mid-1940. She took part in the attack on Pearl Harbor and the Battle of Wake Island. During the first few months of the Pacific War, the ship supported the conquest of the Dutch East Indies in January 1942. The following month, her aircraft bombed Darwin, Australia, and continued to assist in the Dutch East Indies campaign. In April, Hiry's aircraft helped sink two British heavy cruisers and several merchant ships during the Indian Ocean raid.
"The Greersburg Academy was an institution established by Reverend Thomas Hughes in Darlington, Pennsylvania, United States in 1802. The academy was created as a ""prep"" school for college. Classes included languages, philosophy, and astronomy. The stone structure was built around 1806 making it one of the oldest buildings still standing in Beaver County. Though it was originally built as a school, the structure functioned as a railway station for a time, serving several railroads between 1883 and 1972. The structure is one of the oldest structures to have ever been used as a station. Notable alumni of the school were abolitionist John Brown, Walter Forward, John White Geary, Daniel Leasure, William Holmes McGuffey. The Little Beaver Historical Society currently maintains the structure."
"Ella Jane Fitzgerald was an American jazz singer, sometimes referred to as the First Lady of Song, Queen of Jazz, and Lady Ella. She was noted for her purity of tone, impeccable diction, phrasing, timing, intonation, and a ""horn-like"" improvisational ability, particularly in her scat singing.
James Black Groome, a member of the United States Democratic Party, was the 36th Governor of Maryland in the United States from 1874 to 1876. He was also a member of the United States Senate, representing Maryland, from 1879–1885.
The UEFA Women's Euro 2013 Final was an association football match on 28 July 2013 at the Friends Arena in Solna, Sweden, to determine the winner of UEFA Women's Euro 2013. The match was won by the defending champions Germany, who earned their sixth consecutive European title – and eighth in total – with a 1–0 win over Norway.
Sikandar Adil Shah was placed on the throne of Bijapur in 1672 at four years of age. Therefore, his reign is one of regents and ministers and was marked by chronic civil war among factious nobles, independence of provincial governors, paralysis of the central administration, Mughal invasions, secret alliances but pretend hostilities with the Maratha Empire and other neighbors, and the final absorption of Bijapur into the Mughal Empire in 1686.
"Khruangbin is an American musical trio from Houston, Texas, with Laura Lee on bass, Mark Speer on guitar, and Donald Ray ""DJ"" Johnson Jr. on drums. The band is known for blending global music influences, such as classic soul, dub and psychedelia. Their debut studio album, The Universe Smiles Upon You, draws from the history of Thai music in the 1960s, while their second album, Con Todo El Mundo, has influences from Spain and the Middle East. Speer, Lee, and DJ also host ""AirKhruang"" radio shows on NTS Radio and Facebook Live."
Marine Petrossian is an Armenian poet, essayist and columnist.
The Renault R30 was a Formula One motor racing car designed and built by Renault for the 2010 season. The chassis was designed by James Allison, Naoki Tokunaga, Tim Densham and Dirk de Beer with Rob White leading the engine design. The car was driven by Robert Kubica and rookie Vitaly Petrov. It was unveiled on January 31, 2010 at the Circuit Ricardo Tormo in Valencia.
Tampere Orthodox Church is an Eastern Orthodox church in Tampere, Finland, located in the Kyttälä city district. It is dedicated to Saint Alexander Nevsky and to Saint Nicholas. Tampere Orthodox Church was completed in 1899 to the design of the Russian military architect T. U. Yazukov.
Vestre Viken Hospital Trust is a health trust which covers Buskerud, Asker and Bærum. The trust is owned by Southern and Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority and is headquartered in Drammen. It covers an area with 470,000 residents in 26 municipalities. Vestre Viken has 9,500 employees.
"Phillip ""Fish"" Cockrell, born Phillip Williams, was a baseball player in the Negro Leagues.
Slavija Stadium or SRC Slavija, which means Sports and Recreation Center Slavija, is a multi-purpose stadium in Istono Sarajevo, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of FK Slavija Sarajevo. The stadium has a capacity that can hold 6,000 people.
The Ikaho Ropeway is Japanese aerial lift line in Shibukawa, Gunma. The ropeway connects the onsen group of the Shibukawa Ikahomachi district to the summit of Mount Monokiki and park facilities of Mount Kaminoyama.
Smith Pool is a small body of water located between Salem Neck, Winter Island, and Cat Cove in Salem, Massachusetts, United States. It used to be the city's reservoir, and was later a public swimming area. It is easily accessible from Winter Island Road on Winter Island. The area is currently maintained by Salem State University, and the old dam still separates it from Cat Cove.
The Rolls-Royce Falcon is an aero engine developed in 1915. It was a smaller version of the Rolls-Royce Eagle, a liquid-cooled V-12 of 867 cu in capacity. Fitted to many British World War I-era aircraft, production ceased in 1927. The Falcon was designed by R.W. Harvey-Bailey.
"Sanbon-dong is a dong, or neighborhood, in Gunpo, a satellite city of Seoul in Gyeonggi Province, South Korea. Its total area is 2.05 square kilometres. Due to its population of more than 50,000, for administrative purposes the area is divided into two dong, Sanbon 1-dong and Sanbon 2-dong. Its name can be translated as ""the mountain's root,"" and refers to its position at the base of Surisan's eastern flank. On the other side of Surisan lies Anyang City.
The Coast Fork Willamette River is one of two forks that unite to form the Willamette River in western Oregon in the United States. It is about 40 miles long, draining an area of the mountains at the south end of the Willamette Valley south of Eugene.
Karlsøy is an island municipality in Troms og Finnmark county, Norway. The administrative centre of the municipality is the village of Hansnes. Other villages include Dåfjord, Hessfjord, Karlsøya, Torsvåg, Vannvåg, and Vannareid. The municipality is made up of many islands including Ringvassøya, Reinøya, Vannøya, Karlsøya, and Rebbenesøya plus several uninhabited islands. Some of the currently uninhabited islands include Helgøya, Nordkvaløya, Grøtøya, and Nord-Fugløya.
James DeWitt Hill was an early US air mail pilot, who died while attempting one of the first transatlantic flights, with Lloyd Wilson Bertaud in a Fokker F.VIIA monoplane named Old Glory.
Bernard Ralph Maybeck was an American architect in the Arts and Crafts Movement of the early 20th century. He was an instructor at University of California, Berkeley. Most of his major buildings were in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Titanocene dichloride is the organotitanium compound with the formula (-CH)TiCl, commonly abbreviated as CpTiCl. This metallocene is a common reagent in organometallic and organic synthesis. It exists as a bright red solid that slowly hydrolyzes in air. It shows antitumour activity and was the first non-platinum complex to undergo clinical trials as a chemotherapy drug.
Simone Giuliani is an Italian musician, film composer, arranger, record producer and music director based in Manhattan, New York. He is also a keyboard player and a pianist.
Domérat is a commune in the Allier department in central France. In 2016, the municipality had 8,819 inhabitants, down 2.3% compared to 2011.
Yugawa is a village located in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan. As of 1 February 2020, the village had an estimated population of 3,051 in 924 households, and a population density of 190 persons per km². The total area of the village was 16.37 square kilometres..
Las Limas Monument 1, also known as the Las Limas figure or the Señor de las Limas, is a 55 centimetres greenstone figure of a youth holding a limp were-jaguar baby. Found in the State of Veracruz, Mexico, in the Olmec heartland, the statue is famous for its incised representations of Olmec supernaturals. It is the largest known greenstone sculpture.
The Sellwood Bridge is a deck arch bridge that spans the Willamette River in Portland, Oregon, in the United States. The current bridge opened in 2016 and replaced a 1925 span that had carried the same name. The original bridge was Portland's first fixed-span bridge and, being the only river crossing for miles in each direction, the busiest two-lane bridge in Oregon. The Sellwood Bridge links the Sellwood and Westmoreland neighborhoods of Portland on the east side with Oregon Route 43/Macadam Avenue on the west side. At its east end it leads to Tacoma Street. The bridge is owned and operated by Multnomah County. The original span of 1925 was a steel truss bridge, while its 2016 replacement is a deck-arch-type bridge.
Miles Jacobson OBE is studio director of Sports Interactive, the team behind the Football Manager series of video games, and creators of the original Championship Manager.
Club Atlético San Miguel is an Argentine sports club from San Miguel, Buenos Aires The club's headquarters are located in San Miguel while its football stadium is erected in Los Polvorines district of Malvinas Argentinas Partido. Although many sports are practised at the club, San Miguel is mostly known for its football team, which currently plays in Primera B, the third division of the Argentine football league system.
Oudenodon is an extinct genus of dicynodont. It was common throughout southern Africa during the Late Permian. Several species of Oudenodon are known. Both O. bainii, the type species, and O. grandis are known from South Africa. Specimens of O. luangwensis have been found from Zambia. One species, O. sakamenensis, is the only therapsid yet known from Madagascar. It is the type genus of the family Oudenodontidae, which includes members such as Tropidostoma.
The Ribble Steam Railway is a standard gauge preserved railway in Lancashire, in the United Kingdom. It was opened to the public on 17 September 2005, running along Preston Docks. The railway began by housing much of the collection from the previously closed Southport Railway Museum, which was based in the old Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway engine shed at Southport.
The Jura Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by the Jura Astronomy Society. Built in 1993/1998, it is located near Vicques in the Canton of Jura, Switzerland. Its IAU observatory code is 185.
Neu-Thierstein Castle is a ruined castle in the Swiss municipality of Büsserach in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland.
Scott Ronald Garland is an American firefighter and professional wrestler who is best known for working with WWF/E and Extreme Championship Wrestling under the ring name, Scotty 2 Hotty.
Colonel Edward D. Shames is a retired United States Army enlisted man and officer who later served in the U.S. Army Reserve. During World War II he was assigned to the 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 101st Airborne Division. Shames is the last surviving officer and, following the death of Roderick G. Strohl in December 2019, oldest surviving member of Easy Company, 2nd Battalion, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment. He is Jewish and reported being deeply affected by his personal viewing of Nazi Germany's concentration camps.
Joseph Conrad was a French Army officer who served in the Napoleonic Wars and in the French Foreign Legion serving in Algeria and Spain during the First Carlist War.
Mountaineer Field at Milan Puskar Stadium is an American football stadium in Morgantown, West Virginia, on the campus of West Virginia University. It opened in 1980 and serves as the home field for the West Virginia Mountaineers football team. The facility is named for Milan Puskar, a Morgantown resident and founder in of Mylan Pharmaceuticals, Inc. who donated $20 million to the university in 2004. The playing surface retains the stadium's original name of Mountaineer Field, which was also the name of WVU's previous football stadium.
Punta del Curull is a mountain of Catalonia, Spain. It has an elevation of 1,021 metres above sea level. It is the highest point of Serra de la Llena.
Votkinsky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the twenty-five in the Udmurt Republic, Russia. It is located in the east of the republic. The area of the district is 1,863.8 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the town of Votkinsk. Population: 24,114; 23,709; 22,767.
Encounter Bay is a locality in the Australian state of South Australia located about 87 kilometres south of the state capital of Adelaide and about 4 kilometres south-west of the municipal seat of Victor Harbor.
Gollumjapyx smeagol is a species of dipluran, named after Gollum, a fictional character from J. R. R. Tolkien's legendarium. It was first discovered in caves in the Spanish province of Castellón
"The End All Be All game system, commonly known as EABA and pronounced ""ee-buh"", is a role-playing game system from Blacksburg Tactical Research Center. It is a generic gaming systems designed to adapt to any imaginary gaming environment. It was created by Greg Porter in 2003. The game cites the Hero System, GURPS and Call of Cthulhu as influences in its development.
Perth is a town in the Australian state of Tasmania. It lies 20 km south of Launceston, on the Midland Highway. The town had a population of 2,965 at the 2016 census, and is part of the Northern Midlands Council.
Arthur Batcheller was a pioneer in early radio in the state of Massachusetts, one of the founders and partners of the Massachusetts Radio Telegraph School and a designated Radio Inspector for the New England district between 1917 and 1918. Batcheller was appointed Chief Radio Inspector for the Second Federal Radio District in 1920 by United States President Herbert Hoover, who at the time served as Secretary of Commerce. In 1930 he was appointed to the position of Traveling Supervisor of Radio.
"Bernice is a town in Delaware County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 562 at the 2010 census, an increase of 11.5 percent from 504 at the 2000 census. The town is now primarily a vacation and retirement area. It claims to be the ""Crappie Fishing Capital of the World."""
The British Rail Class 166 Networker Turbo is a fleet of diesel multiple-unit passenger trains, originally specified by and built for British Rail, the then Great Britain state-owned railway operator. They were built by ABB at York Works between 1992 and 1993. The trains were designed as a faster, air-conditioned variant of the Class 165 Turbo, intended for longer-distance services, and, like the 165s, belong to the Networker family of trains. They were originally known as Networker Turbos to distinguish them from the electrically propelled members of that family. Today, the 166s alongside the 165s are normally referred to as Thames Turbos or just simply Turbos.
"Paranapiacaba is a district of the municipality of Santo André in the Brazilian state of São Paulo. It is located approximately 61 kilometres by road southeast of the centre of the city of São Paulo, and about 12 kilometres east of Rio Grande da Serra. The word paranapiacaba means ""where you will find the sea"" in Tupi. There are about 1,200 residents.
"The Harden Trio was an American country music group. It comprised Bobby Harden and his sisters, Robbie and Arlene. The trio recorded for Columbia Records between 1964 and 1968, charting six times on the Hot Country Songs charts. The trio's highest-peaking single was the No. 2 country and No. 44 pop hit ""Tippy Toeing."""
Normanton is a small cattle town and coastal locality in the Shire of Carpentaria in Queensland, Australia. In the 2016 census, Normanton had a population of 1,210 people of whom 743 were Indigenous Australians.
Hauconcourt is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Sh2-279 is an HII region and bright nebulae that includes a reflection nebula located in the constellation Orion. It is the northernmost part of the asterism known as Orion's Sword, lying 0.6° north of the Orion Nebula. The reflection nebula embedded in
Aeolus Cave or Dorset Bat Cave is a cave located 2,520 feet up in the Taconic Mountains in East Dorset, Vermont, US. Alternate names that have shown up in the literature include Aeolus Cave, Mount Aeolus Cave, and Dorset Bat Cave.
Bala is a market town and community in Gwynedd, Wales. Formerly an urban district, Bala lies in the historic county of Merionethshire, at the north end of Bala Lake. At the 2011 Census, it had a population of 1,974, 78.5% of whom spoke Welsh.
Theligonum is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae. It was described by Carl Linnaeus in 1753. The genus is found from Macaronesia to the Mediterranean Basin, and from China to temperate eastern Asia. It is the only genus in the tribe Theligoneae.
Pornichet is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Gboko is a diocese located in the city of Gboko, Benue State in the Ecclesiastical province of Abuja in Nigeria.
USS Hoel (DD-533) was a World War II-era Fletcher-class destroyer in the service of the United States Navy, named after Lieutenant Commander William R. Hoel.
Mercedes Beatriz Morán is an Argentine film and television actress.
Bulvar Rokossovskogo is a station on the Moscow Central Circle of the Moscow Metro.
"Richard Elmer ""Joey"" Dorsey is an American professional basketball player, who lastly played for Mitteldeutscher BC of the German Basketball Bundesliga. He played college basketball for the University of Memphis."
Caskieben Caskieben was a palisaded tower built by the Garviach family during the 12th-century Norman expansion into Scotland. It stood on a low, circular mound surrounded by a 2 metre deep, 15 metre wide moat.
Daniel Eaton is an American former road cyclist.
Paterson Ewen was an influential Canadian painter. Ewen was a founding member of the Non-figurative artist's association of Montréal, along with Claude Tousignant, Jean-Paul Mousseau, Guido Molinari, and Marcel Barbeau. Moving to London, Ontario in the late 1960s, Ewen became central to the emerging London Regionalism being championed by Jack Chambers and Greg Curnoe. It was in London that Ewen developed the carved-plywood style that would become his hallmark.
Terri Lyne Carrington is an American jazz drummer, composer, singer, record producer, educator, and entrepreneur. She has played with Dizzy Gillespie, Stan Getz, Clark Terry, Herbie Hancock, Wayne Shorter, Joe Sample, Al Jarreau, Yellowjackets, and many others. She toured with each of Hancock's musical configurations between 1997 and 2007.
Bunkerville is an unincorporated town and census-designated place in Clark County, Nevada, United States. The population was 1,303 at the 2010 census.
Gadella is a genus of morid cod. The species in this genus are characterised by the absence of a chin barbell, an anterior dorsal fin with 7-11 rays, a long based anal fin which has a straight profile, the outermost rays of the pelvic fin are filamentous and extend a small distance beyond the membrane. They do not have a photophore. The Gadella codlings are found around the tropical and subtropical seas around the world on the outer continental shelf to the mid continental slope. They are of no interest to fisheries.
Air Leap is the trading name of the Norwegian Virtual airline Air Leap AS and the Swedish airline Air Large European Aviation Project AB.
Hampton railway station is located on the Sandringham line in Victoria, Australia. It serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Hampton opening on 2 September 1887. It was renamed Retreat on 1 October 1887 and Hampton on 10 September 1889.
Martin Burn Limited is a publicly held real estate development firm headquartered in Kolkata.
Legrandite is a rare zinc arsenate mineral, Zn·.
Kozjane is a settlement in the Municipality of Divaa in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Nigella sativa is an annual flowering plant in the family Ranunculaceae, native to a large region of the eastern Mediterranean, northern Africa, the Indian Subcontinent, and West Asia.
Plesiosiro is an extinct arachnid genus known exclusively from only nine specimens from the Upper Carboniferous of Coseley, Staffordshire, United Kingdom. The genus is monotypic, represented only by the species Plesiosiro madeleyi described by Reginald Innes Pocock in his important 1911 monograph on British Carboniferous arachnids. It is the only known member of the order Haptopoda. The original locality from which these fossils originate is no longer available thus it is unclear whether any further examples will be found.
Lekié is a department of Centre Province in Cameroon. The department covers an area of 2,989 km² and as of 2001 had a total population of 354,864. The capital of the department lies at Monatélé.
The Roman Monuments, Cathedral of St. Peter and Church of Our Lady in Trier, Germany was listed as a UNESCO World Heritage site in 1986.
The Mercantile Hotel is a heritage-listed pub located at 25-27 George Street, in the inner city Sydney suburb of The Rocks in the City of Sydney local government area of New South Wales, Australia. It was designed by Spain & Cosh Architects and built in 1914. The property is owned by Property NSW, an agency of the Government of New South Wales. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 10 May 2002.
Sir John Gordon Sprigg, GCMG, PC was a British administrator, politician and four-time prime minister of the Cape Colony.
The COP .357 is a 4-shot Derringer-type pistol chambered for .357 Magnum. The double-action weapon is about twice as wide, and substantially heavier than the typical .25 automatic pistol, though its relatively compact size and powerful cartridge made it an option for a defensive weapon or a police backup gun.
Dugald is a community in Manitoba, Canada, located 22 kilometres east of Winnipeg at the junction of PTH 15 and Provincial Road 206 in the Rural Municipality of Springfield. It was the site of a railway accident in 1947.
Ángelo Tomás Reyes was a Filipino soldier and politician who served as the Armed Forces of the Philippines Chief of Staff from 2000 to 2001 under President Joseph Estrada. At the height of the 2001 EDSA Revolution, Reyes withdrew his support for Estrada, which led to the installation of Vice President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo as president, under whom he then served as Cabinet Secretary until 2010. He also served under Arroyo as Secretary of the Departments of the Interior and Local Government, Environment and Natural Resources, Energy, and National Defense.
Dinami is a comune in the Province of Vibo Valentia in the Italian region Calabria, located about 90 kilometres southwest of Catanzaro and about 32 kilometres southeast of Vibo Valentia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 3,258 and an area of 44.1 square kilometres.
Finksburg is an unincorporated community in Carroll County, Maryland, United States. It is the location of the National Security Agency's EKMS Central Facility. Finksburg is located at the intersection of Maryland routes 91 and 140, on the border of Carroll and Baltimore counties. It is an unincorporated area approximately one mile northwest of the Liberty Reservoir and six miles southeast of Westminster.
One Wonderful Sunday is a 1947 Japanese film co-written and directed by Akira Kurosawa. It is in black-and-white and runs 108 minutes.
John Ford was an American movie director. He is best known as a director of western movies. He was born in Cape Elizabeth, Maine.
NGC 273 is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation Cetus. It was discovered on September 10, 1785 by William Herschel.
Perku Lock - tenth of the lock on the Augustów Canal. It is located near the Reserve Perku. Built between 1827-1828 by the Lieutenant. Julian Pidzickiego between Lake Krzywym and Lake Mikaszewo.
Ferit Odman is a jazz drummer based in Istanbul, Turkey.
Tulle is a French commune, the prefecture of the Corrèze department in central France. It is in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It is also the capital of the arrondissement of Tulle.
Félix Émile Taunay, Baron of Taunay, was a French Brazilian painter, and drawing and Greek teacher. He was the father of famous writer and politician Alfredo d'Escragnolle Taunay, the Viscount of Taunay.
The Norway Pavilion is a Norwegian-themed pavilion that is part of the World Showcase, within Epcot at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida, United States. Its location is between the Mexican and Chinese pavilions.
Duke of Victoria is a Portuguese title of nobility retained by the Duke of Wellington.
The Western Corn Belt Plains is a Level III ecoregion designated by the Environmental Protection Agency in seven U.S. states, though predominantly in Iowa.
Mambusao, officially the Municipality of Mambusao, is a 3rd class municipality in the province of Capiz, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 39,644 people.
Kouchów is a town in Lubusz Voivodeship, Poland.
The Faial-Pico Channel is an 8.3 kilometres long channel that separates the islands of Faial and Pico in the central group of the archipelago of the Azores. The strait is divided into various depressions, calderas and micro-systems, referred to as Baixas.
The High Velocity Aircraft Rocket, or HVAR, also known by the nickname Holy Moses, was an American unguided rocket developed during World War II to attack targets on the ground from aircraft. It saw extensive use during both World War II and the Korean War.
Freckled Sky is a multimedia company that specializes in performances and events with digital special effects which include projection mappings. Freckled Sky was founded in Chicago in 2015 and gained popularity competing in America's Got Talent show where their team demonstrated the world's first interactive performance with a digital mapping on water. Since then, the company participated in a number of notable business, theater, and music events.
Benjamin Corey Cunningham is an American football running back who is currently a free agent. He played college football at Middle Tennessee State and was signed by the St. Louis Rams as an undrafted free agent in 2013.
The Basmane-Tire Regional, numbered as B36, is a 96-kilometre-long regional rail service operated by the Turkish State Railways, between Basmane Terminal in zmir and Tire. Four trains operate daily each way; trains 32415, 32417, 32413, 32419 operate southbound from Basmane to Tire, while trains 32412, 32416, 32418, 32420 operate northbound from Tire to Basmane. The route is the third-busiest regional route in district 3 after the Basmane-Ödemi Regional and the Basmane-Denizli Regional.
Truttemer-le-Grand is a former commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Vire-Normandie.
This is the discography of American blues musician Seasick Steve. He has released nine studio albums, two compilation albums, one Extended play and ten singles. He made his first UK television appearance on Jools Holland's annual Hootenanny BBC TV show on New Year's Eve 2006.
Stadskanaal is a city and municipality with a population of 32,715 in the province of Groningen in the northeast of the Netherlands. It was named after the canal Stadskanaal.
The 1983–84 Australian region cyclone season was the most active season on record. It officially started on 1 November 1983, and officially ended on 30 April 1984.
Suncheon Castle, also known as Suncheon Waeseong, in Korean, Juntenj in Japanese, is the only remaining Japanese castle in Jeollanam-do, and the battlefield of Yi Sun-sin who tempted Konishi Yukinaga from here to Noryang Point known as Battle of Noryang Point.
Ingvar Eggert Sigurðsson is an Icelandic actor who has worked extensively in Icelandic cinema. He has had roles in Friðrik Þór Friðriksson's Englar alheimsins and Baltasar Kormákur's Mýrin and Everest. In addition to his film work, Ingvar has also acted extensively in television and stage productions, both in Iceland and overseas.
Mlník is a town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 20,000 inhabitants. It lies at the confluence of the Elbe and Vltava rivers, approximately 35 km north of Prague. The town is part of the Prague larger urban zone. The region belongs to the most important agricultural areas of the Czech Republic. The main agricultural produce are fruits, vegetables, potatoes, corn, sugar beet and wine.
William Gilmore Simms was an American writer and politician from the American South. Poet, novelist, and historian, his History of South Carolina served as the definitive textbook on state history for much of the 20th century. Literary scholars consider him a major force in antebellum Southern literature; in 1845 Edgar Allan Poe pronounced him the best novelist America had ever produced. Throughout much of his literary career he served as editor of several journals and newspapers. He also served in the South Carolina House of Representatives from 1844–1846.
The Poem Tree was a beech tree with a poem carved into it by Joseph Tubb, located on Castle Hill at Wittenham Clumps in Oxfordshire, England. The tree, which was believed to be around 300 years old, collapsed through a combination of long-standing rot and inclement weather in July 2012. It died in the 1990s and after that, rotted completely while standing.
Garden City Township is a township in Finney County, Kansas, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 7,400.
Sermesse is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Jens Kolding is a Danish former footballer who played for B93 and Brøndby in Denmark, and Roda JC in the Netherlands, as a striker. He played six games for the Denmark national football team from 1973 to 1981.
Pont-et-Massène is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.
Vitez is a city and municipality located in Central Bosnia Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
"The John Downing Jr. House is a historic house in downtown Middleport, a village located on the banks of the Ohio River in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Built in 1859, it was the home of prominent Middleport resident John B. Downing. Known to his intimates as ""Major"" Downing, he worked for much of his life as a pilot for riverboats on the Mississippi River. Notably, his work with the young Samuel Clemens led to a literary appearance years later: writing under the name of ""Mark Twain"", Clemens portrayed him in the book Life on the Mississippi. One of his two sons, John B. Jr., was the house's namesake
Carlos Loiseau was a prolific Argentine cartoonist and humorist. He was popularly known in Argentina by his byline, Caloi.
The Order of the Griffon was a State Order of the Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. Established on 15 September 1884, it was created to honour benevolence and outstanding service to the public. In August 1904, the Order of the Griffon was extended to citizens of the Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, with the rulers of the two grand duchies serving jointly as the Grand Masters of the order.
Klaudia Edina Gallovits-Hall is a Romanian-born Americans tennis player. Her career-high ranking of No. 54 she achieved on April 28, 2008. She represented Romania until April 2015, then started playing for the United States.
The Million Dollar Theatre at 307 S. Broadway in Downtown Los Angeles is one of the first movie palaces built in the United States. It opened in 1917 with the premiere of William S. Hart's The Silent Man. It's the northernmost of the collection of historical movie palaces in the Broadway Theater District and stands directly across from the landmark Bradbury Building. The theater is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
Heather Leigh Tanguay JP is a New Zealand politician. She was Mayor of Palmerston North from 2004 to 2007.
The 19th Fighter Squadron is part of the Pacific Air Forces' 15th Wing at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam, Hawaii.
Ligiidae is a family of woodlice, the only family in the infraorder Diplocheta. Its members are common on rocky shores, in similar habitats to those inhabited by species of the bristletail Petrobius and the crab Cyclograpsus. The family contains the following genera:
The branches of the ciliary ganglion are the short ciliary nerves.
"Penn Station is a chain of restaurants specializing in what it calls ""East Coast subs."" The first restaurant was opened in 1985 by Jeff Osterfeld in Cincinnati, Ohio. Currently, Penn Station has over 300 locations in 15 states."
CyberTracker is software from a South African non-profit company, CyberTracker Conservation, that develops handheld data capture solutions.
Jacob David Elmore is an American professional baseball infielder for the Cleveland Indians organization. He also has played in Major League Baseball for the Houston Astros, Cincinnati Reds, Tampa Bay Rays, and Milwaukee Brewers. While most often a shortstop, Elmore is one of a handful of MLB players who have played pitcher and catcher in the same game.
The Ventura County Sheriff's Office, also sometimes known as the Ventura County Sheriff's Department, provides law enforcement for the unincorporated areas of Ventura County, California as well as several cities within the county. The cities that Ventura County Sheriff's Office provides police services for are Camarillo, Fillmore, Moorpark, Ojai, and Thousand Oaks.
"The Livonian Brothers of the Sword was a Catholic military order established by Albert, the third bishop of Riga, in 1202. Pope Innocent III sanctioned the establishment in 1204 for the second time. The membership of the order comprised German ""warrior monks"" who fought Baltic and Finnic pagans in the area of modern-day Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. Alternative names of the Order include Christ Knights, Swordbrothers, Sword Brethren, and The Militia of Christ of Livonia. The seal reads: +MAGISTRI ETFRM MILICIE CRI DE LIVONIA.
Gravesend is an ancient town in northwest Kent, England, situated 21 miles east-southeast of Charing Cross on the south bank of the Thames Estuary and opposite Tilbury in Essex. Located in the diocese of Rochester, it is the administrative centre of the Borough of Gravesham.
Yu Darvish is a Japanese professional baseball starting pitcher for the Chicago Cubs of Major League Baseball. Darvish previously played in MLB for the Texas Rangers and the Los Angeles Dodgers and in Nippon Professional Baseball for the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters. In international play, Darvish pitched in the 2008 Beijing Olympics and the 2009 World Baseball Classic as a member of the Japanese national team.
San Marcos is a municipality in El Salvador. It is located in a small valley, 5 miles southeast of downtown San Salvador. It has a population of 63,209. San Marcos is one of the 14 municipalities which make up the Metropolitan Area of San Salvador, also known as Greater San Salvador.
"Kootenay National Park is a national park located in southeastern British Columbia, and is one component of the Canadian Rocky Mountain Parks World Heritage Site. The park consists of 1,406 km² of the Canadian Rockies, including parts of the Kootenay and Park mountain ranges, the Kootenay River and the entirety of the Vermilion River. While the Vermillion River is completely contained within the park, the Kootenay River has its headwaters just outside the park boundary, flowing through the park into the Rocky Mountain Trench, eventually joining the Columbia River. It ranges in elevation from 918 m at the southwestern park entrance, to 3,424 m at Deltaform Mountain. Initially called ""Kootenay Dominion Park"", the park was created in 1920 as part of an agreement between the province of British Columbia and the Canadian federal government to build a highway in exchange for title to a strip of land, approximately 8 km on either side of the 94 km route, the Banff–Windermere Highway, to be used solely for park purposes. While the park is open all year, the major tourist season lasts from June to September."
Hitachi, Ltd. is a Japanese multinational conglomerate company headquartered in Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan. It is the parent company of the Hitachi Group and formed part of the Nissan zaibatsu and later DKB Group of companies before DKB merged into the Mizuho Financial Group. As of April 2019, Hitachi operates ten business segments, ranging from IT, including AI and big data, to Construction Machinery.
Gary Andrew Porter, Baron Porter of Spalding CBE is a British Conservative politician, local government leader, member of the House of Lords and a South Holland district councillor, who was elected unopposed as Chair of the Local Government Association in June 2015. Nominated for a life peerage in August 2015, he was created Baron Porter of Spalding, of Spalding in the County of Lincolnshire on 15 October 2015.
Paramonga is a town in central Peru, capital of the district of Paramonga in the province of Barranca in the Department of Lima.
Rheinberg is a town in the district of Wesel, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is situated on the left bank of the Rhine, approx. 10 kilometres north of Moers and 15 km south of Wesel.
The Finlay River is a 402 km long river in north-central British Columbia flowing north and thence south from Thutade Lake in the Omineca Mountains to Williston Lake, the impounded waters of the Peace River formed by the completion of the W.A.C. Bennett Dam in 1968. Prior to this, the Finlay joined with the Parsnip River to form the Peace. The headwaters of the Finlay at Thutade Lake are considered the ultimate source of the Mackenzie River. Deserters Canyon is located just north of Williston Lake.
"Eeklo is a Belgian municipality in the Flemish province of East Flanders. The municipality comprises only the town of Eeklo proper. The name Eeklo comes from the contraction of ""eke"" and ""lo"", two Old German words meaning oak and sparse woods."
Marion is a city in Guadalupe County, Texas, United States. The town was incorporated by 1941. The population was 1,066 at the 2010 census. It is part of the San Antonio Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Curiglia con Monteviasco is a comune in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 110 kilometres northwest of Milan and about 70 kilometres northwest of Varese in the Val Veddasca, on the border with Switzerland. The municipal seat is in Curiglia.
Villamiel is a municipality located in the province of Cáceres, Extremadura, Spain. According to the 2005 census, the municipality has a population of 758 inhabitants.
Toni Acosta is a Spanish actress.
The Church of Our Most Holy Redeemer and St Thomas More, also referred to as Holy Redeemer Church, is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Chelsea, London. it was built in the 19th century and opened on 23 October 1895. It was designed by Edward Goldie. It is situated on the corner of Upper Cheyne Row and Cheyne Row, next to Carlyle's House in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. It is listed Grade II on the National Heritage List for England.
The Khedive's Sudan Medal was a campaign medal awarded by the Khedivate of Egypt for service in the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan. Established in 1911 by the Khedive, this medal replaced the earlier Khedive's Sudan Medal and was superseded by the Sudan Defence Force General Service Medal.
"Anton Johannes Gerrit Corbijn van Willenswaard is a Dutch photographer, music video director, and film director. He is the creative director behind the visual output of Depeche Mode and U2, having handled the principal promotion and sleeve photography for both bands over three decades. Some of his works include music videos for Depeche Mode's ""Enjoy the Silence"", U2's ""One"", Bryan Adams' ""Do I Have to Say the Words?"", Nirvana's ""Heart-Shaped Box"" and Coldplay’s ""Talk"" and ""Viva la Vida"", as well as the Ian Curtis biographical film Control, The American, and A Most Wanted Man, based on John le Carré's 2008 novel of the same name."
Nong Chik is a district in Pattani Province, southern Thailand.
"The Springfield model 1884 was one of the ""Trapdoor Springfield"" rifles. It was an improved replacement for the previous longarm of the U.S. Armed Forces, the Springfield model 1873."
Bruceville-Eddy is a city in McLennan and Falls counties in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 1,475 at the 2010 census.
Droue-sur-Drouette is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.
ji is a town located in Kitakatsuragi District, Nara Prefecture, Japan.
Yalata is an Aboriginal community on the coast of South Australia. It is about 200 kilometres west of Ceduna. The reserve, Yalata Aboriginal Land, covers 4,580 square kilometres and spans about 150 km of the Eyre Highway. It is one of 74 local government areas in South Australia.
Cape Gate is a shopping district of Brackenfell in the Western Cape, South Africa.
"69th Punjab Regiment, also known as ""Mardan e Hur"" Battalion, is an infantry battalion of the Punjab Regiment of the Pakistan Army. It was raised in May 1990 in Okara Cantt.
Vállus is a village in Zala County, Hungary.
Wharton is a city in and the county seat of Wharton County, Texas, United States. This city is 60 mi southwest of Houston. The population was 8,832 at the 2010 census. Wharton is located on the Colorado River of Texas. U.S. Highway 59 passes west of it.
Orpington former locomotive shed is located in Orpington, Greater London, England. It is situated on eastern side of the South East Main Line and to the north of Orpington station.
Boletellus obscurecoccineus, known as the rhubarb bolete, is a species of fungus in the family Boletaceae, found in Australia, New Guinea, Java, Borneo, Japan, Korea, and Taiwan. It is a distinctive and colourful bolete of the forest floor.
Chgakk Station is a people mover station in Sakura, Chiba Prefecture, Japan. It is on the Yamaman Ykarigaoka Line, serving the planned community of Ykarigaoka. Trains run roughly every 20 minutes.
Radkovice u Hrotovic is a village and municipality in Tebí District in the Vysoina Region of the Czech Republic.
Silver Plume is a Statutory Town located in Clear Creek County, Colorado, United States. Silver Plume is a former silver mining camp along Clear Creek in the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains. The federally designated Georgetown-Silver Plume Historic District comprises Silver Plume, the neighboring town of Georgetown, and the Georgetown Loop Historic Mining & Railroad Park between the two towns.
Amherst is a village in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States. The population is 964 people as of 2000. Amherst has an area of 1.2 square miles, thanks to the United States Census Bureau.
Velimir Terzi was a Yugoslav partisan, general of Yugoslav People's Army and historian. Prior to World War Two, he was captain of Royal Yugoslav Army. After Yugoslav defeat in April War, he joined Montenegrin partisans and took part in 13 July Uprising. In 1943 he was chosen for deputy of general Arso Jovanovi, chief of partisan Supreme HQ. After World War Two, he remained in Yugoslav People's Army and had many roles. He was deputy of Minister of Defense, head of Military Academy, chief inspector of Yugoslav People's Army. He retired from the army in 1955 and became head of Military History Institute.
American actor Rami Malek has received 14 awards from 46 nominations. He has won one Academy Award, one British Academy Film Award, and one Screen Actors Guild Award from four nominations. Malek has also received one Golden Globe Award from four nominations and one Primetime Emmy Award.
Lankau is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
West Oaks Mall is a local mall located in Ocoee, Florida near Orlando. It is anchored by Dillard's Clearance Center, J. C. Penney, a SunPass Customer Service Center, and a Bed Bath & Beyond Call Center, and has 115 store spaces, a food court, and a 14-screen AMC theater.
Pierre-Louis Padang Coffin is a French voice actor, animator and film director best known for co-directing all four films in the Despicable Me franchise and as the voice of the Minions, which won him the Kids Family Award at the 10th Seiyu Awards.
The Ministry of General Affairs is the Dutch Ministry responsible for Government policy, Planning, Information and the Dutch royal house. The Ministry was created in 1937 and dissolved in 1945, but in 1947 it was reinstated by then Prime Minister Louis Beel. The Ministry remained small until 1967, when it was greatly expanded by then Prime Minister Piet de Jong. Since his premiership the Ministry has continued to expand to the present day. The Minister of General Affairs is the head of the Ministry who is also Prime Minister and a member of the Cabinet of the Netherlands. The current Minister and Prime Minister is Mark Rutte.
"The Wisconsin Center is a convention and exhibition center located in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The center is part of a greater complex of buildings which includes the UW–Milwaukee Panther Arena and the Miller High Life Theatre, and was a replacement for the former Great Hall portion of the MECCA Complex. The building was previously named after its sponsor Delta Air Lines, who had purchased naming rights to the facility in August 2012. On June 30, 2013, Delta terminated its naming rights at the center and the facility was officially renamed the ""Wisconsin Center"" the following day.
The Köppel, at 540.2 m above sea level, is the second highest point in the Montabaur Heights, an elongated hill ridge in the Lower Westerwald in Germany. It is second only to the nearby Alarmstange and lies on the boundary between Montabaur and Dernbach in the county of Westerwaldkreis in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate. At the summit is the Köppel viewing tower.
Slatina is a commune located in Suceava County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Gineti, Herla and Slatina.
Hakuh Sh is a professional sumo wrestler from Ulaanbaatar, Mongolian People's Republic. Making his debut in March 2001, he reached the top makuuchi division in May 2004. In May 2007 at the age of 22 he became the second native of Mongolia, and the fourth non-Japanese overall, to be promoted to the highest rank in sumo, yokozuna.
The 1875 Rangitikei by-election was a by-election held on 24 April 1875 during the 5th New Zealand Parliament in the Rangitikei electorate on the West Coast of the North Island.
Heuwiese is an uninhabited German Baltic Sea island that lies about two kilometres south of Ummanz and west of Germany's largest island, Rügen.
The Eigerjoch is a high Alpine pass lying between the Mönch and the Eiger. The lowest point on the ridge is named Nördliches Eigerjoch while another pass located closer to the Mönch is named Südliches Eigerjoch.
The Issoire APM 40 Simba is a four-seat light aircraft manufactured by the French manufacturer Issoire Aviation. It is entirely built from carbon-fiber-reinforced polymers. The aircraft's first flight was on 19 May 2009, and it made its public debut at the Paris Air Show in June 2009.
Essen-Dellwig Ost is a railway station in Essen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. The station is located on the Essen–Bottrop railway and is served by S-Bahn services operated by DB. The station is located 300m away from Essen-Dellwig station.
Mendon is a village in Mercer County, Ohio, United States. The population was 662 at the 2010 census.
Sandon is a locality in central Victoria, Australia. The locality is split between the Shire of Mount Alexander and the Shire of Hepburn, 106 kilometres north west of the state capital, Melbourne.
United Nations Security Council resolution 815, adopted unanimously on 30 March 1993, after reaffirming Resolution 743 and all subsequent relevant resolutions concerning the United Nations Protection Force including 802 and 807, the Council, acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, extended UNPROFOR's mandate for an additional interim period ending 30 June 1993.
Toca is a town and municipality in the Colombian Department of Boyacá, part of the subregion of the Central Boyacá Province. Toca is situated on the Altiplano Cundiboyacense 27 kilometres northeast from the department capital Tunja. It borders Tuta in the north, Siachoque in the south, Pesca in the east and Tuta and Chivatá in the west.
The Hyundai Chorus is a minibus built by Hyundai Motor Company. The range was primarily available as tourist buses.
The Italian Bridge is the bridge across the Griboedov Canal in Saint Petersburg, Russia. It is a single span, steel, pedestrian bridge next to Italian street. The bridge's length is 19.66 meters, the width is 3 meters.
Jackson County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Brownstown, Jackson County, Indiana. The original building was built in 1870, and extensively remodeled by Elmer E. Dunlap in the Classical Revival style in 1911. It is a two-story, brick and limestone building consisting of a rectangular main central section with two flanking wings. The building features a four-sided clock tower. Located on the courthouse grounds are the contributing Sherman M-4 memorial tank, the town water pump and bell, and a cast iron fence.
Jock Sturges is an American photographer, best known for his images of nude adolescents and their families.
Doj is a village and municipality in Senica District in the Trnava Region of western Slovakia.
The Co-Cathedral of St. Alexander also called Cathedral of St. Alexander of Kiev is the name given to a religious building affiliated with the Catholic Church located in the city of Kiev in Ukraine.
Gareth Robert Barry is an English football player. He plays for Everton and has played for the England national team.
Nagnajiti, also known as Satya, is the fifth of the Ashtabharya, the eight principal queen-consorts of Hindu god Krishna, an avatar of the god Vishnu and the king of Dwarka - in the Dwapara Yuga. She was the daughter of the King Nagnajita, of Kosala. Krishna competed in the svayamvara arranged by her father, and as per set rules he brought under control seven ferocious bulls by putting noose around each of them and thus won Nagnajiti as his wife.
"Amanda Ava Koci, known professionally as Ava Max, is an American singer-songwriter. After moving across several states to pursue a music career in her childhood, Max signed with Atlantic Records in 2016, where she released the song ""Sweet but Psycho"" on August 17, 2018. It became her breakthrough single after peaking at number one in 22 countries, including the United Kingdom, Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Sweden, and New Zealand. The song also peaked at number two in Australia, and number 10 on the US Billboard Hot 100."
Phellinus ellipsoideus is a species of polypore fungus in the family Hymenochaetaceae, a specimen of which produced the largest fungal fruit body ever recorded. Found in China, the fruit bodies produced by the species are brown, woody basidiocarps that grow on dead wood, where the fungus feeds as a saprotroph. The basidiocarps are perennial, allowing them to grow very large under favourable circumstances. They are resupinate, measuring 30 centimetres or more in length, though typically extending less than a centimetre from the surface of the wood. P. ellipsoideus produces distinct ellipsoidal spores, after which it is named, and unusual setae. These two features allow it to be readily differentiated microscopically from other, similar species. Chemical compounds isolated from the species include several steroidal compounds. These may have pharmacological applications, but further research is needed.
The River Dee is a river in the United Kingdom. It flows through parts of both Wales and England, forming part of the border between the two countries.
"Alexandru ""Alex"" Gabriel Gorda is a Romanian rugby union football player. He played in the prop position for SuperLiga club CSM Bucureti. He also plays for Romania's national team, the Oaks, making his international debut at the 2015 World Rugby Nations Cup in a match against the Argentina Jaguares."
The 2017 Council of the Isles of Scilly election took place on 4 May 2017 as part of the 2017 local elections in the United Kingdom. The council is a sui generis unitary authority within the ceremonial county of Cornwall.
Peter Wallace Rodino Jr. was a Democratic United States congressman from New Jersey from 1949 to 1989. Rodino rose to prominence as the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, where he oversaw the impeachment process against Richard Nixon that eventually led to the president's resignation. He was the longest-serving member ever of the United States House of Representatives from the state of New Jersey.
Mastoureh Afshar was an Iranian intellectual, feminist, and a pioneering figure in the women's rights movement in Iran. Alongside contemporary feminists Mohtaram Eskandari and Noor-ol-Hoda Mangeneh, she co-founded the radicalist Patriotic Women's League of Iran in Tehran in 1922. She became the society's president in 1925 and held the position until 1932.
Alexandros Tzorvas is a Greek former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
The economy of Vietnam is a socialist-oriented market economy, which is the 44th-largest in the world as measured by nominal gross domestic product and 27th-largest in the world as measured by purchasing power parity. Vietnam is a member of Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, Association of Southeast Asian Nations and the World Trade Organization.
Laurent de Brunhoff is a French author and illustrator, known primarily for continuing the Babar the Elephant series of children's books, created by his father, Jean de Brunhoff.
Simona Frapporti is an Italian racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's Continental Team Bepink. She competed in the 2013 UCI women's team time trial in Florence. Frapporti is an athlete of Gruppo Sportivo Fiamme Azzurre.
Towanda Historic District is a national historic district located at Towanda, Bradford County, Pennsylvania. The district includes 440 contributing buildings and 1 contributing site in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Towanda. The buildings date between about 1830 and 1900, and include notable examples of vernacular and high style Greek Revival, Queen Anne, and Classical Revival style architecture. Notable buildings include the William Means House, Towanda Academy, Dr. Samuel Huston House, Ulysses Mercur House, David Cash House, Presbyterian Church, SS Peter and Paul Church, Hale Opera House, Episcopal Church, Citizens National Bank, Kingsbury / Chamberlain Building, Dan Turner House, Public Library, and the Riverside Cemetery. Located in the district and separately listed is the Bradford County Courthouse.
Edo Muri is a Slovenian professional basketball player for Cedevita Olimpija of the Slovenian League, ABA League and the EuroCup. He also represents the Slovenian national team. Standing at 2.02 m, he plays the small forward position.
Giovanni Battista Caprara Montecuccoli was an Italian statesman and Cardinal and archbishop of Milan from 1802 to 1810. As a papal diplomat he served in the embassies in Cologne, Lausanne, and Vienna. As Legate of Pius VII in France, he implemented the Concordat of 1801, and negotiated with the Emperor Napoleon over the matter of appointments to the restored hierarchy in France. He crowned Napoleon as King of Italy in Milan in 1805.
The New Junction Canal is a canal in South Yorkshire, England. It is part of the Sheffield and South Yorkshire Navigation, although it was jointly funded by the Aire and Calder Navigation, and was opened in 1905. It links the River Don Navigation and the Stainforth and Keadby Canal with the Aire and Calder Navigation. It is completely straight, and was the last canal built in England for commercial purposes.
Bougainville Island is the main island of the Autonomous Region of Bougainville of Papua New Guinea, also known as Bougainville Province. It formed the main landmass of the German Empire-associated North Solomons. With four to five hundred-metre-width-strait separated Buka Island its land measures 9,300 km². The population of the province is 234,280, which includes islets such as the Carterets. Mount Balbi on the main island at 2,715 m is the highest point. The Buka strait, despite its narrowness, is unbridged; however, regular ferries operate between the key settlements on either side and Buka Town has the main northern airstrip/airport.
The Benwick Goods Railway was a Great Eastern Railway line serving the village of Benwick, Cambridgeshire.
The 2017 Israel State Cup Final decided the winner of the 2016–17 Israel State Cup, the 81st season of Israel's main football cup. It will be played on 25 May 2017 at the Teddy Stadium in Jerusalem, between Maccabi Tel Aviv and Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv.
A pnictogen is any of the chemical elements in group 15 of the periodic table. This group is also known as the nitrogen family. It consists of the elements nitrogen, phosphorus, arsenic, antimony, bismuth, and perhaps the chemically uncharacterized synthetic element moscovium.
The Fleur-de-Lys Studios, also known as Fleur-de-Lis Studios or Sydney Burleigh Studio, is a historic art studio, and an important structure in the development of the Arts and Crafts Movement in the United States. It is located at 7 Thomas Street in the College Hill neighborhood of Providence, Rhode Island. It was designed by Sydney Burleigh and Edmund R. Willson, and built in 1885. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1992.
Dominique Maltais is a Canadian snowboarder, specialising in snowboard cross. She is a two-time Olympic medallist, winning a bronze medal at the 2006 Torino Games and a silver medal at the 2014 Sochi Games. She also competed at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics, where she failed to reach the final. At the FIS Snowboarding World Championships, she won a bronze medal in 2011 and a silver medal in 2013. She is the 2012 Winter X Games champion, and has won the Crystal Globe as the overall FIS World Cup champion in snowboard cross five times, in 2006, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014.
The Battle of Maonda and Mandholi was fought between the rulers of Jaipur and Bharatpur in 1767 in Rajasthan.
Gmina Sosnowica is a rural gmina in Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. Its seat is the village of Sosnowica, which lies approximately 20 kilometres south-east of Parczew and 48 km north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The vz. 38 is a semi-automatic pistol manufactured from 1939 until 1945 chambered in .380 ACP. The barrel is attached to the frame by a hinge, allowing for very easy disassembly. Certain aspects of the pistol are covered by Czechoslovakian patent 65558 which may also be found as Finnish patent FI18533 from 1939.
Unai is a village in the Navsari district in the Indian State of Gujarat, India. Unai is connected with Waghai, Chikhli, Saputara, Nasik, Vapi, Dharampur, Shamlaji by state highway. This village situated on Billimora–Waghai narrow gauge railway route. The nearest railway station for broad gauge trains is Bilimora Junction.
El Tarter is a village in Andorra, located in the parish of Canillo.
Assaria is a city in Saline County, Kansas, United States. In 2010, 413 people lived there.
Savigny-sur-Clairis is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Lola Berthet is an Argentine actress.
Mt. Airy No. 27 School is a historic one-room school built in 1863 in Centreville, New Castle County, Delaware. It was designed and built as a one-room, one-teacher school, and operated as such from 1863 to 1932. It is now used as a private residence.
Dendropsophus leucophyllatus is a species of frog in the family Hylidae. It is found in the Amazon Basin.
Loxops is a Hawaiian honeycreeper genus in the finch family, Fringillidae. Most of them are commonly known as akepa.
Fall Hill is a plantation located near the falls on the Rappahannock River in Fredericksburg, Virginia. Though the Thornton family has lived at Fall Hill since the early 18th century, the present house was built in 1790 for Francis Thornton V. The land on which Fall Hill is located is part of an 8,000 acres land patent obtained by Francis Thornton I around 1720. The present-day town of Fredericksburg, Virginia is located on that original patent.
Dbie is a municipal neighbourhood of the city of Szczecin in Poland, situated on the Ponia river, on the south coast of Dbie Lake, on the right bank of Oder river, east of the Szczecin Old Town and Middle Town. As of January 2011 it had a population of 13,275.
"Robert Hunter Caldwell is an American singer and songwriter who recorded the hit single ""What You Won't Do for Love"" in 1978. After several R&B and smooth jazz albums, Caldwell turned to singing standards from the Great American Songbook. He maintains a loyal following in Japan."
Hieizan Sakamoto Station is a railway station in tsu, Shiga, Japan. The station was previously named Eizan Station until September 4, 1994, when the station's name was changed to its current name. Hieizan and Eizan means Mount Hiei, about 4 km west of the station.
Adam Zreák is a Slovak professional football forward who plays for 1. FC Nürnberg.
Großwoltersdorf is a municipality in the Oberhavel district, in Brandenburg, Germany.
Shaul Marie Rehwoldt is an American commentator, ring announcer, singer, dancer and model and retired professional wrestler and professional wrestling valet. She is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment, where she performed under the ring name Raquel Diaz. She is also a burlesque dancer under the stage name Miss Nyxon.
Salitre Canton is a canton of Ecuador, located in the Guayas Province. Its capital is the town of Salitre. Its population at the 2001 census was 50,379.
"James Richard Mullett, known professionally as James Fox, is a Welsh pop singer, songwriter, pianist and guitarist. He represented the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 in Istanbul. In 2008 he wrote and recorded the Cardiff City F.C. FA Cup Final song, ""Bluebirds Flying High""."
Humla District and has population of 50,858 as per the census of 2011. The Northern part of Humla District is inhabited by Khas people, originating from Sinjar valley, whereas the North border is mostly inhabited by Tibetans.
Mount Rumble is a 7,530-foot mountain summit located in the Chugach Mountains, in Anchorage Municipality in the U.S. state of Alaska. On a clear day the peak can be seen from the George Parks Highway. The peak is situated in Chugach State Park at the head of Peters Creek Valley, 24 mi east of downtown Anchorage, and 3 mi west of Eklutna Glacier.
Fereshteh Karimi is an Iranian women's futsal player currently playing for Azad University in Iran. She was chosen as one of the top 10 nominees for the best woman player in the world in 2013 by the futsalplanet website.
Kneževi Kosa is a village in central Croatia, in the municipality of Vojni, Karlovac County. It is connected by the D6 highway.
Dzoraghbyur Training Centre, is the training ground and academy base of the Armenian football club FC Ararat Yerevan.
The Volvo V40 is a small family car manufactured and marketed by Volvo Cars from 2012 to 2019. It was unveiled at the 2012 Geneva Motor Show, and has been on sale in Europe Between May 2012 – 2019, and the United Kingdom between August 2012 – 2019.
Nkanu West is a Local Government Area of Enugu State, Nigeria. Its headquarters is situated in the town of Agbani.
Tijuana is the largest city of both Baja California State and the Baja California Peninsula. It is part of the San Diego–Tijuana transborder urban agglomeration and the larger Southern California megalopolis. As the 6th-largest city in Mexico and center of the 6th-largest metro area in Mexico, Tijuana exerts a strong influence in education and politics – across Mexico, in transportation, culture and art – across all three Californias, and in manufacturing and as a migration hub – across the North American continent. Currently one of the fastest-growing metropolitan areas in Mexico, Tijuana maintains GaWC 'sufficiency city' status. As of 2015, the city of Tijuana had a population of 1,641,570.
Campbell Hospital was a National Health Service hospital in Portsoy, Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It was administered by NHS Grampian.
The Minister of Justice and Security is the head of the Ministry of Justice and Security and a member of the Cabinet of the Netherlands. The current Minister of Justice and Security is Ferdinand Grapperhaus of the Christian Democratic Appeal, who has been in office since 26 October 2017.
John George of Monferrat was the last Marquis of Montferrat of the Palaeologus-Montferrat family.
Milan Tepi was a Major in the Yugoslav People's Army. He was the last person to be awarded the Order of the National Hero of Yugoslavia, given to him posthumously for blowing up an ammunition depot during the Siege of Bjelovar Barracks.
Allium subvillosum, Spring Garlic, is a European and North African species of wild onion native to southern Spain, the Balearic Islands, southern Portugal, Sicily and northern Africa.
The 2014 Seoul mayoral election was held on 4 June 2014 as part of the 6th local elections.
Jargeau is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Nagarparkar, is a taluka in at the base of the Karoonjhar Mountains in Tharparkar District in Sindh province of Pakistan that is known for the
Sidi Bashir Mosque is a former mosque in the city of Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Only the central gateway and two minarets survive; they are known as the Jhulta Minar or Shaking Minarets.
Hinnøya is the fourth largest island in Norway. The 2,204.7-square-kilometre lies just off the western coast of Northern Norway. The island sits on the border of Nordland and Troms og Finnmark counties. The western part of the island is in the district of Vesterålen, the southwestern part is in the Lofoten district, the southeastern part is in the Ofoten district, and the northeastern part is in Southern Troms.
Kaifeng is a prefecture-level city in east-central Henan province, China. It is one of the Eight Ancient Capitals of China, having been the capital seven times in history, and is best known for being the Chinese capital in the Northern Song dynasty.
Eleazer Oswald was born at Falmouth, Cornwall, in England, but moved to British America as a young man. He became apprenticed to a printer, John Holt of Williamsburg, Virginia, and married the man's daughter, Elizabeth Holt. In the American Revolutionary War he immediately threw in his lot with the American colonists. He participated in Benedict Arnold's expedition to Quebec in 1775 and was captured. After a prisoner exchange, he was promoted to lieutenant colonel of artillery in January 1777. He performed notable service during the Danbury Raid in Connecticut during April 1777. At the Battle of Monmouth in June 1778 he distinguished himself while playing a major role in the engagement.
GoLoco motif is a protein structural motif.
Mina Fujii is a Japanese-American actress. She started her career in the entertainment industry at the age of nine. She is best known for her role in the TV adaptation of Bloody Monday, Kyfu, and for appearing in TVXQ's Why Did I Fall In Love With You music video.
The Breakneck Road Historic District is a rural agricultural landscape near Flintstone, Allegany County, Maryland. The farms and their associated lands have remained in the possession of a small number of families since the time of their settlement.
Hassan Fathi born on September 2, 1959 in Tehran is an Iranian film and TV series director and screenwriter. Mostly known for popular TV series like: Heroes never die, Lighter than darkness, and Zero degree turn. He is the father of Amirhossein Fathi, a young actor.
Hi Jolly or Hadji Ali, later known as Philip Tedro, was an Ottoman subject of Syrian and Greek parentage, and in 1856 became one of the first camel drivers ever hired by the US Army to lead the camel driver experiment in the Southwest. Hi Jolly became a living legend until his death in Arizona. Once, insulted because he had not been invited to a German picnic in Los Angeles, he broke up the gathering by driving into it on a yellow cart pulled by two of his pet camels.
Maurice Vautier was a French pole vaulter. He competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics and finished eighth.
Eksjö is an urban area in the county of Jönköping in Sweden. It is the seat of Eksjö Municipality.
"Karam Ibrahim Gaber is an Egyptian Greco-Roman wrestler. He won the gold medal in the Men's Greco-Roman 96 kg at the 2004 Summer Olympics, and won the silver medal at the 2003 World Championships. At the 2012 London Olympics, he won a silver medal. He was suspended by United World Wrestling for two years in August 2015, because of a ""whereabouts failure"" during his doping test."
Jake Rademacher is the director/producer of Brothers at War, the award-winning documentary about an American military family and the Iraq war. The film features his two brothers Isaac and Joseph Rademacher. Rademacher grew up in Decatur, Illinois. He is the eldest of five boys and two girls. Four of the boys are Eagle Scouts.
The Ford S-Max is an MPV produced by Ford Europe for the European market. Ford also describes the S-Max as an SAV. Introduced at the 2006 Geneva Motor Show, the S-Max went on sale alongside the new generation Galaxy in June 2006.
The Korogho church of the Mother of God is a Georgian Orthodox church in eastern Georgia, situated in the mountainous Khada gorge in the historical and cultural province of Mtiuleti, now part of the Dusheti Municipality. Korogho is a simple hall church dated to the end of the 10th or beginning of the 11th century. It is known for a lintel with unique sculptures in relief, illustrating various stages of quarrying and construction. The church is inscribed on the list of Georgia's Immovable Cultural Monuments of National Significance.
G Force was a roller coaster at Drayton Manor Theme Park, Tamworth, England. It was the only X-Car coaster in the UK and was opened by the band G4 in 2005. The ride was also the third X-Car coaster to be built in the world, the first being the prototype Sky Wheel at Skyline Park in Germany and the second being X Coaster at Magic Springs. Another unique aspect of the X-Car coaster is the inverted lift, known as the humpty-bump lift. Unlike a conventional inclined lift, the lift on is similar to a standard vertical loop. At the top of the lift, riders are suspended upside down and the train is released to traverse two more inversions, including an immelman loop and a bent Cuban eight. The ride was originally called Project X but changed to G Force before the coaster's opening. The coaster closed in October 2018 after extensive downtime during the 2018 season. The park stated the maintenance cost for the coaster was too expensive and therefore the decision was to close the ride. As of January 2020 the ride has been removed and is in storage at the rear of the park.
"Taake is a Norwegian black metal band from Bergen, formed in 1993 and originally named Thule. The band's one continuous member is Hoest, who writes and records most of the music. He has released seven full-length albums and several EPs. The band describes itself as ""True Norwegian black metal"", and Hoest said that he wants to ""awaken national pride and cultural nostalgia in my Norwegian listeners"" as well as to remind people ""that Hell is right here on Earth and that humans can be demons"". All lyrics are in Hoest's native dialect and are printed in Norse runes. ""Taake"" is the old spelling of the Norwegian word ""tåke"", meaning ""fog""."
Hannah Scott is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Western Bulldogs in the AFL Women's competition. She was drafted by the Bulldogs with the club's third selection and the twenty first overall in the 2016 AFL Women's draft. She made her debut in Round 1, 2017, in the club inaugural match against Fremantle at VU Whitten Oval.
Wakatipu High School is a state coeducational secondary school located in Queenstown, Otago, New Zealand. Serving Years 9 to 13, a total of 1068 students attend the school as of March 2020.
Scipione Del Giudice was an Italian rower. He won several European Rowing Championships and was set to go to the 1912 Summer Olympics when his team was banned from competitions for a year.
The Cadillac CTS is an executive car that was manufactured and marketed by General Motors from 2003 to 2019 across three generations. Historically, it was priced similar to cars on the compact luxury spectrum; but it has always been sized closely to its mid-size rivals. The third generation competes directly with the mid-size luxury cars. Initially available only as a 4-door sedan on the GM Sigma platform, GM had offered the second generation CTS in three body styles: 4-door sedan, 2-door coupe, and 5-door sport wagon also using the Sigma platform — and the third generation was offered only as a sedan, using a stretched version of the GM Alpha platform.
Osserain-Rivareyte is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Strawberry pie is a dessert food consisting mainly of strawberries.
Theodore Paleologus, usually distinguished from his his father of the same name by modern historians through being referred to as Theodore Junior or Theodore II, was the second son of the 16th/17th-century soldier and assassin Theodore Paleologus, and the oldest son to reach adulthood. Through his father, he was possibly a descendant of the Palaiologos dynasty of Byzantine emperors.
"The Berna L275/10 is a truck model manufactured by the Swiss company Berna from 1937 onwards. The Berna L275 / 10, military designation ""Lastw gl 1.5t 4x2"", has a total weight of 2200 kg, a structure with cabin and bridge as well as an on-board voltage of 6 V. The 6-cylinder petrol engine with 3600 cm³ produces a power of 66 kW.
Patria is a 1917 15-chapter American serial film starring Irene Castle, Milton Sills, and Warner Oland, based on the novel The Last of the Fighting Channings by Louis Joseph Vance. Patria was an independent film serial funded by William Randolph Hearst in the lead-up to the United States' entry into World War I. The film in its original form contained anti-Japanese propaganda and was investigated by a Senate committee. The Argentine title for the film was La Heroina de Nueva York.
"The coconut tree is a member of the palm tree family and the only living species of the genus Cocos. The term ""coconut"" can refer to the whole coconut palm, the seed, or the fruit, which botanically is a drupe, not a nut. The name comes from the old Portuguese and Spanish word coco, meaning 'head' or 'skull' after the three indentations on the coconut shell that resemble facial features. They are ubiquitous in coastal tropical regions, and are a cultural icon of the tropics.
Valladolid is a province of northwest Spain, in the central part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It has a population of 520,716 people in a total of 225 municipalities, an area of 8,110 km² and a population density of 64.19 people per km².
Jordan-Carmichael Subban is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the Dornbirn Bulldogs of the Austrian Hockey League. He most recently played in North America for the Toronto Marlies. He was selected by the Vancouver Canucks in the fourth round of the 2013 NHL Entry Draft. He is the youngest of the three Subban brothers to be drafted into the NHL, the other two being Malcolm Subban and P. K. Subban.
"The Padlock is a two-act 'afterpiece' opera by Charles Dibdin. The text was by Isaac Bickerstaffe. It debuted in 1768 at the Drury Lane Theatre in London as a companion piece to The Earl of Warwick. It partnered other plays before a run of six performances in tandem with ""The Fatal Discovery"" by John Home. ""The Padlock"" was a success, largely due to Dibdin's portrayal of Mungo, a blackface caricature of a black servant from the West Indies. The company took the production to the United States the next year, where a portrayal by Lewis Hallam, Jr. as Mungo met with even greater accolades. The libretto was first published in London in 1768 and in Dublin in 1775. The play remained in regular circulation in the U.S. as late as 1843. It was revived by the Old Vic Company in London and on tour in the UK in 1979 in a new orchestration by Don Fraser and played in a double-bill with Garrick's Miss In Her Teens. The role of Mungo was, again, played by a white actor. Opera Theatre of Chicago have recently revived the piece where, it would seem, the role of Mungo was changed to that of an Irish servant."
"The SNCF Class BB 7200 is a 1.5 kV DC electric locomotive. It is operated by the SNCF in France. The BB 7200 are part of the ""Nez Cassé"" family of locomotives. SNCF Class BB 15000 is the alternating current version. The the Class BB 22200 is a dual-voltage version. They are numbered to show that the DC and AC class make the dual-voltage locomotives. Another similar model is the NS Class 1600. It is operated in the Netherlands. It is a DC locomotive based on the BB 7200.
Antonio Griffo Focas Flavio Angelo Ducas Comneno Porfirogenito Gagliardi de Curtis di Bisanzio, best known by his stage name Totò or simply as Antonio de Curtis, and nicknamed il Principe della risata, was an Italian actor, comedian, writer, poet, singer and lyricist. He was commonly referred to as one of the most popular Italian performers of all time. He is best known for his funny and sometimes cynical character as a comedian in theatre and then in many successful films shot from the 1940s to the 1960s, all regularly still on TV, but he also worked with many iconic Italian film directors in dramatic/poetic roles.
Harriett Hesketh or Harriett Cowper was an English letter writer, known for her correspondence with William Cowper.
"The Mercedes-Benz S-Series was a successful line of sports cars produced from 1927 until 1933 nicknamed the ""white elephants."" In the run up to the merger between Daimler and Benz & Cie, a race oriented version of Daimler's Type 630 luxury car was produced with a modified chassis that was called the Model K. The new Daimler-Benz corporation decided that it would create an even more advanced race car which built upon the best features of the Model K, which would be called the Model S."
Tharaka-Nithi County is one of the 47 counties of Kenya located in Kenya's former Eastern Province. The county has an area of 2609 km² and as of the 2019 census a population of 393,177.
Juignettes is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
The Battle of Almenar also referred to as Almenara was a battle in the Iberian theatre of the War of the Spanish Succession.
Batna is a wilaya of Algeria in the Aures region. The capital is Batna. Localities in this province include N'Gaous, Merouana and Timgad. Belezma National Park is in the Belezma Range area of the province.
Ekaterina Ulasevich is a Russian women's football goalkeeper. She played in the Turkish Women's First Football League for Amed S.K. in Istanbul with jersey number 91. She appeared in the Russia women's national under-19 football team.
The Porcupine Mountains, or Porkies, are a group of small mountains spanning the northwestern Upper Peninsula of Michigan in Ontonagon and Gogebic counties, near the shore of Lake Superior. The Porcupine Mountains were named by the native Ojibwa people, supposedly because their silhouette had the shape of a crouching porcupine. They are home to the most extensive stand of old growth northern hardwood forest in North America west of the Adirondack Mountains, spanning at least 31,000 acres. The area is popular among tourists, especially Lake of the Clouds in the heart of the mountains, and is part of Porcupine Mountains Wilderness State Park.
"Tom Price, situated in the Pilbara region of Western Australia, is a mining town. The town is located inland, at the edge of the Hamersley Range. Tom Price is the highest town above sea level in Western Australia, and is consequently dubbed ""Top Town in WA""."
Muras is a municipality in the province of Lugo, part of the autonomous community of Galicia, in northwestern Spain. Muras belongs to the Comarca of Terra Chá.
STS-118 was a Space Shuttle mission to the International Space Station flown by the orbiter Endeavour. STS-118 lifted off on 8 August 2007 from launch pad 39A at Kennedy Space Center, Florida and landed at the Shuttle Landing Facility at KSC on 21 August 2007.
Lehrensteinsfeld is a town in the district of Heilbronn in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
The discography of Katharine McPhee consists of five studio albums, ten singles, ten music videos, and other miscellaneous songs and albums.
Kaumualii was the last independent alii nui of Kauai and Niihau before becoming a vassal of Kamehameha I within the unified Kingdom of Hawaii in 1810. He was the 23rd high chief of Kauai and reigned from 1794–1810.
The arrondissement of Saint-Gaudens is an arrondissement of France in the Haute-Garonne department in the Occitanie region. It has 235 communes. Its population is 77,444, and its area is 2,139.6 km².
Garavito is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southern hemisphere on the Moon's far side. It lies to the north-northwest of the huge walled plain Poincaré, and to the west of the crater Chrétien. It takes its name in honor of the Colombian astronomer and engineer Julio Garavito Armero.
Cap-Chat is a town in the Canadian province of Québec, in the Regional County Municipality of Haute-Gaspésie, and in the administrative region of Gaspésie-Îles-de-la-Madeleine. Cap-Chat is found 16 kilometres west of Sainte-Anne-des-Monts. As of 2006, Cap-Chat's population is 2,777.
René van Eck is a former Dutch footballer who currently is Lidovic Magnin's assistant at Swiss super league side FC Zurich.
Hurrah! were a British jangle pop band formed in the early 1980s and active until 1991. Two band members traded off lead vocals on track-by-track basis, giving the band two distinctly different sounds.
Basile Salomon Pereira de Carvalho is a Senegalese-born Bissau-Guinean former professional footballer who played as a forward. In 2011 and 2012 he made six FIFA-official appearances scoring twice for the Guinea-Bissau national team.
HMS Romulus was a 36-gun fifth rate frigate of the Royal Navy. At the outbreak of the French Revolutionary Wars, Romulus was despatched to the Mediterranean where she became part of the fleet under Lord Hood, initially blockading, and later occupying, the port of Toulon. She played an active role during the withdrawal in December, providing covering fire while HMS Robust and HMS Leviathan removed allied troops from the waterfront.
The Piano Concerto No. 22 in E major, K. 482, is a work for piano, or fortepiano, and orchestra by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, composed in December 1785.
Glen Cove is a city in Nassau County, New York, United States, on the North Shore of Long Island. As of the United States 2010 Census, the city population was 26,964.
The Peoria Warehouse Historic District is a historic industrial district located to the southwest of downtown Peoria, Illinois. The district includes 68 buildings, 59 of which are considered contributing to its historic status; these buildings include warehouses and other industrial structures and were built from the 1880s through the 1920s. The buildings generally have utilitarian designs inspired by the Chicago school and are built with reinforced concrete frames and brick exteriors.
Dickson D. Despommier is an emeritus professor of microbiology and Public Health at Columbia University. From 1971-2009, he conducted research on intracellular parasitism and taught courses on parasitic diseases, medical ecology and ecology. Despommier has received media coverage for his ideas on vertical farming.
Toivola is an unincorporated community in Houghton County, Michigan, United States. The far-flung rural community is divided between Stanton Township, Adams Township, and Bohemia Township. It is found along M-26, 8 miles southwest of South Range, 16 miles from Houghton, and 35 miles from Ontonagon. Toivola has a post office with ZIP code 49965. The community's historic industries include mainly agrarian uses and lumbering.
Luch 5B is a Russian Luch relay satellite which will transmit data from the Russian Orbital Segment of the International Space Station, and from other satellites in low Earth orbit. It will be in geosynchronous orbit.
Janet Park Cooke is a former New Zealand hurdler. At the 1950 British Empire Games, as Janet Shackleton, she won the bronze medal in the 80 m hurdles.
Daehaeng Kun Sunim was a Korean Buddhist nun and Seon master. She taught monks as well as nuns, and helped to increase the participation of young people and men in Korean Buddhism.
The 2011 Berlin state election was held on 18 September 2011 to elect the members of the 17th Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin. The incumbent government consisting of the Social Democratic Party and The Left lost its majority.
Yawunik is an extinct genus of Cambrian arthropod known from the Burgess Shale in Canada. The type species has been named Yawunik kootenayi after the Kootenay, both a geographic area and North American First Nation, also known as the Ktunaxa. The fossil dates back to 508 million years ago.
The cementoenamel junction, frequently abbreviated as the CEJ, is a slightly visible anatomical border identified on a tooth. It is the location where the enamel, which covers the anatomical crown of a tooth, and the cementum, which covers the anatomical root of a tooth, meet. Informally it is known as the neck of the tooth. The border created by these two dental tissues has much significance as it is usually the location where the gingiva attaches to a healthy tooth by fibers called the gingival fibers.
José de Calasanz Vives y Tutó, O.F.M. Cap., was an influential Spanish Roman Catholic theologian, member of the Capuchin friars and from 19 June 1899 also cardinal. In 1908, he became the first Prefect of what is now known as the Congregation for Institutes of Consecrated Life and Societies of Apostolic Life, and held the position until his death. He was well known for his traditionalist position. He was the personal confessor of Pope Pius X.
Vachagan is a river in the southern Syunik Province of Armenia. The river has a length of 5 km and flows through the town of Kapan. It is a tributary of the Voghji River. Its origin is at the northern edge of Mount Khustup in the Syunik Mountains range. It has a basin of 35 km².
Kawachi was the lead ship of her class of two Kawachi-class dreadnought battleships built for the Imperial Japanese Navy in the 1910s. Completed in 1912, she often served as a flagship. Her only combat action during World War I was when she bombarded German fortifications in China during the Battle of Tsingtao in 1914. She sank in 1918 after an explosion in her ammunition magazine with the loss of over 600 officers and crewmen.
The Avro 547 was a prototype triplane airliner developed in Britain after the First World War. It utilised components from the highly successful 504 but added an extra set of wings and a new deep fuselage housing a fully enclosed cabin to seat four passengers. The aircraft was powered by a 160 hp Beardmore engine. The pilot sat in an open cockpit offset to port. The prototype flew well, having similar characteristics to a 504, the second example built was substantially modified, in order to compete in a British Air Ministry competition for a commercial aircraft, being fitted with a 240 hp Siddeley Puma engine. Designated 547A, this version turned out to be slow and unstable in the air and failed to win an award in the competition in August 1920. Damaged in a forced landing at the competition, the second prototype was scrapped in 1922.
Petoskey is a city and coastal resort community in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was estimated at approximately close to 5,670 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Emmet County, located at the northern end of the Lower Peninsula.
Zaki Rostom Zaki Moharram Mahmoud Rostom was an Egyptian actor. A method actor known for portraying intimidating and often asocial villains, Zaki is regarded as one of the influential and important actors of Egyptian cinema.
William Henry Johnson was an American painter. Born in Florence, South Carolina, he became a student at the National Academy of Design in New York City, working with Charles Webster Hawthorne. He later lived and worked in France, where he was exposed to modernism. After Johnson married Danish textile artist Holcha Krake, the couple lived for some time in Scandinavia. There he was influenced by the strong folk art tradition. The couple moved to the United States in 1938. Johnson eventually found work as a teacher at the Harlem Community Art Center, through the Federal Art Project.
Lewes is a city in Delaware in the United States. It is in Sussex County, which is in the south part of the state. The city is next to the Delaware Bay and is near the Atlantic Ocean. Lewes had 2,932 people in 2000.
The Scaled Composites Model 318 White Knight is a jet-powered carrier aircraft that was used to launch its companion SpaceShipOne, an experimental spaceplane. The White Knight and SpaceShipOne were designed by Burt Rutan and manufactured by Scaled Composites, a private company founded by Rutan in 1982. On three separate flights in 2004, White Knight conducted SpaceShipOne into flight, and SpaceShipOne then performed a sub-orbital spaceflight, becoming the first private craft to reach space.
"The American Constitution Society for Law and Policy is a progressive legal organization. The group's stated mission is to ""promote the vitality of the U.S. Constitution and the fundamental values it expresses: individual rights and liberties, genuine equality, access to justice, democracy and the rule of law.""
Miller is a lunar impact crater that lies amidst the rugged terrain in the southern part of the Moon. It is attached to the northern rim of the smaller crater Nasireddin, and the outer rampart of the latter reaches almost to the central peak formation at the midpoint of Miller's interior floor. Together with Huggins to the southwest and Orontius to the south-southwest, this foursome forms a chain of craters forming an arc that curves towards the north. The northwest rim of Miller in turn is attached to the satellite crater Miller C, forming the end of the arc. To the southeast lies Stöfler. The crater is named after British chemist William Allen Miller.
Kawai was a village located in Shimohei District, Iwate Prefecture, Japan.
East Mahoning Township is a township in Indiana County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the township population was 1,077, down from 1,196 at the 2000 census. East Mahoning Township was created when Mahoning Township was divided into four parts in 1846. It contains the communities of Georgeville, Hamill, Mottarns Mill, and Savan. It surrounds but does not include the borough of Marion Center.
DANDE is a 50 kg class spacecraft developed by the University of Colorado Boulder was the winner of the 5th iteration of the Air Force Research Laboratory's University Nanosat Program.
John Elmer Blaha is a retired United States Air Force colonel and a former NASA astronaut. He is a veteran of five space missions aboard the Space Shuttle and Mir.
The Sieges of Riga were two sieges which took place on February 22 and June 15, 1700 in Riga during the Great Northern War. The Swedish garrison of about 4,000 men under the command of Erik Dahlberg successfully repulsed the Saxons until the main Swedish army under Charles XII of Sweden arrived to sweep the Saxons away in the battle of Riga which ended the period of sieges for the year.
Shade sandbox is a sandbox-based isolation program developed by Eugene Balabanov. Shade is distributed to consumers as a shareware solution. It creates an isolated virtual environment within your computer: rather than running software and browsing the Internet directly, you can instead perform these actions through a fenced-off safe area. This mechanism creates a highly controlled environment for running untested or untrustworthy apps without threatening host operating system.
Pawsey is a worn impact crater that lies next to the northern outer ramparts of the crater Wiener, on the far side of the Moon. To the east-northeast of Pawsey is the large crater Campbell, and farther to the west is Bridgman.
The Crown Coach Corporation is a defunct American bus manufacturer. Established in 1904, Crown was headquartered in Los Angeles, California until the mid-1980s, moving to Chino, California until its closure. Best known for its Supercoach range of yellow school buses and motorcoaches, Crown also was the manufacturer of custom-built vehicles derived from its buses, including the Firecoach line of fire apparatus.
Salyan is a raion of Azerbaijan. Its capital is Salyan. It lays adjacent to the Kura River. To the north are several productive oilfields operated by the Salyan Oil company. It also comprises most of the Shirvan National Park.
Fehrbellin is a municipality in Germany, located 60 km NW of Berlin. It had 9,310 inhabitants as of 2005, but has since declined to 8,606 inhabitants in 2012.
Outes is a municipality in the province of A Coruña in the autonomous community of Galicia in northwestern Spain. It has a population of 7,313 and an area of 100 km². The Cando event happened in 1994 within the boundaries of Cando, in the parish of San Tirso. The municipality has five peaks ranging over 500 m, the highest being Monte Tremuzo.
The Heart Buster is a lost 1924 American silent comedy western film directed by Jack Conway and starring Tom Mix and Esther Ralston. It was produced by and distributed by Fox Film Corporation.
Gale Sondergaard was an American actress.
Miraí is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion of Zona da Mata and to the microregion of Muriaé.
Harrison Township is one of the fifteen townships of Gallia County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census the population was 1,063.
Enon is an unincorporated community in eastern Yadkin County, North Carolina, United States. The community, which is centered on Enon Baptist Church, is in the Forbush Township and in the East Bend ZIP code zone. It is a Piedmont Triad community.
The Gwangalli Beach or Gwangan Beach is a beach in Busan, South Korea. It is located at Gwangan 2-dong, Suyeong-gu, Busan Metropolitan City, west of Haeundae Beach. It sits inside a cove spanned by the Gwangan Bridge and covers 82,000 square meters over a length of 1.4 km and a width of 25 to 110 metres, in a curved in a half-moon shape with fine sand. Adjacent are alleys with restaurants, coffee shops and nightclubs.
Mara Lake is a lake in the Shuswap Country of the Southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located immediately south of the community of Sicamous and to the north of the community of Enderby. It is the outlet of the Shuswap River, which begins in the Monashee Mountains to the east. Its own outlet is Sicamous Narrows, which is a short canal-like stretch of water connecting to Shuswap Lake and passing beneath the Trans-Canada Highway and the Canadian Pacific Railway mainline at Sicamous. All are part of the drainage of the South Thompson River, which begins at the outlet of Little Shuswap Lake.
The John Holman House is a historic two-story house in Humboldt, Nebraska. It was built with red bricks in 1893 by farmer John Holman. It was designed in the Queen Anne and Châteauesque architectural styles, with a gable roof, dormer windows, and a three-story tower. In the 1940s-1960s, it became a maternity hospital. The house was remodelled as a private residence in the 1970s. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since April 25, 1972.
Andy Manuel Marte was a Dominican professional baseball third baseman. He played in Major League Baseball for the Atlanta Braves, Cleveland Indians, and Arizona Diamondbacks. He also played in the KBO League for the KT Wiz. On January 22, 2017, Marte was killed in a car crash in the Dominican Republic.
Stethophyma is a genus of grasshoppers in the family Acrididae, with species found in Europe, North America and Japan.
"Honckenya peploides, the sea sandwort or seaside sandplant, is the only species in the genus Honckenya of the flowering plant family Caryophyllaceae. Other common names include sea chickweed, sea pimpernal, sea-beach sandwort, and sea purslane. The scientific name is often spelled ""Honkenya"", and is named after the German botanist Gerhard August Honckeny. This plant has a circumboreal distribution.
The 120 mm Gun M1 was the United States Army's standard super-heavy anti-aircraft gun during World War II and the Korean War, complementing the smaller and more mobile M2 90 mm gun in service. Its maximum altitude was about 60,000 ft, which earned it the nickname stratosphere gun.
The arrondissement of Saint-Dié-des-Vosges is an arrondissement of France in the Vosges department in the Grand Est région. It has 96 communes. Its population is 53,669, and its area is 1,458.2 km².
Cissna Park is a village in Pigeon Grove Township, Iroquois County, Illinois, United States. The population was 846 at the 2010 census.
College Bayside is a Metromover station in Downtown, Miami, Florida, adjacent to the Wolfson Campus of Miami Dade College and one block west of the Bayside Marketplace.
Scottish synth-pop band Chvrches have released three studio albums, three extended plays, 21 singles, two promotional singles and 15 music videos. Chvrches was formed in Glasgow in 2011 and consists of Lauren Mayberry, Iain Cook, and Martin Doherty.
Nicolaus Adam Radford known as Nic Radford is an American engineer, roboticist, inventor, and serial entrepreneur raising over $26M in funding for his companies. He co-founded and is currently chief technology officer, Houston Mechatronics, Inc Prior to forming HMI, he spent 14 years at Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center's Dexterous Robotics Laboratory at NASA in Houston, Texas. Radford was the principal investigator tasked with leading the development of Valkyrie for participation in the 2013 DARPA Robotics Challenge and NASA's future Mars robotics missions.
Hârlu is a town in Iai County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It was one of the princiary court cities of Moldavia, in the 15th century. One village, Pârcovaci, is administered by the town.
Priscus Attalus was twice Roman usurper, against Emperor Honorius, with Visigothic support. He was the last non-Christian Roman emperor.
Teaterladan, officially Hedemora Gamla Theater, is a theatre and a listed building in Hedemora, Dalarna County, Sweden. It was built somewhere between 1826 and 1829 as a combined barn and theatre in three floors, with the stage and dressing rooms at the top and the storage area at the two lower floors. The first performance at the stage was a play performed by A. P. Bergmans Sällskap on February 1, 1829. From 1888 to 1910 the building was rented by the Salvation Army. When they moved, the building was left unused until 1946, when Hedemora celebrated 500 years as a stad. It was restored, and dedicated by the Crown Prince Couple Gustaf Adolf and Louise on June 20, 1946.
San Antonio, or unofficially San Ann as the locals call it, is a city in Pasco County, Florida, United States. It is a suburban city included in the Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area. It lies within Florida's 5th congressional district. The population was 1,138 at the 2010 census. It was established as a Catholic colony by Judge Edmund F. Dunne. The city derives its name from Saint Anthony of Padua. Saint Leo University is located nearby.
The Buick Skylark is a passenger car produced by Buick. The model was made in six production runs, during 46 years, over which the car's design varied dramatically due to changing technology, tastes and new standards implemented over the years.
Chinnakada Clock Tower is a landmark in Kollam City in the Indian state of Kerala. In Chinnakada, the tower lies in the heart of the city, close to Kollam Junction Railway Station. As the first clock tower in the erstwhile Travancore state, it has become a non-official emblem of the city and the major landmark of Kollam.
Feilding railway station was a station on the North Island Main Trunk line in Feilding, New Zealand. It was opened on 1 October 1876 and closed on 1 July 2002.
"Gaan-Ngai also known as ""Chakaan Gaan-Ngai"" is a festival of the Zeliangrong people of Assam, Manipur and Nagaland. It is the biggest festival out of many festivals observed throughout the indigenous calendar of Rongmei Naga/Kabui tribe."
Morrow Point Dam is a 468-foot-tall concrete double-arch dam on the Gunnison River located in Colorado, the first dam of its type built by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation. Located in the upper Black Canyon of the Gunnison, it creates Morrow Point Reservoir, and is within the National Park Service-operated Curecanti National Recreation Area. The dam is between the Blue Mesa Dam and the Crystal Dam. Morrow Point Dam and reservoir are part of the Bureau of Reclamation's Wayne N. Aspinall Unit of the Colorado River Storage Project, which retains the waters of the Colorado River and its tributaries for agricultural and municipal use in the American Southwest. The dam's primary purpose is hydroelectric power generation.
Uncial 0232, is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned to the 5th or 6th century.
Stony Fork Creek is a 4.1-mile-long tributary of Babb Creek in Tioga County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Ribeirinha is a parish in the district of Ribeira Grande in the Azores. The population in 2011 was 2,349, in an area of 17.98 km². It contains the localities Gramas, Lameiro, Ribeirinha, Santa Rosa and Santo António.
The penpoint gunnel is a gunnel, a species of fish from the Pacific coast of North America, ranging from Kodiak Island in the Gulf of Alaska to Santa Barbara Island in southern California.
The Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi is a municipality in central Slovenia. The seat of the municipality is the town of Zagorje ob Savi. Traditionally the area was part of the Upper Carniola region. The entire municipality is now included in the Central Sava Statistical Region. The population of the municipality is about 17,000.
The Ordnance QF 18-pounder, or simply 18-pounder gun, was the standard British Empire field gun of the First World War-era. It formed the backbone of the Royal Field Artillery during the war, and was produced in large numbers. It was used by British Forces in all the main theatres, and by British troops in Russia in 1919. Its calibre and shell weight were greater than those of the equivalent field guns in French and German service. It was generally horse drawn until mechanisation in the 1930s.
The Round Tower was a lighthouse in Burnham-on-Sea, Somerset, England, established in 1801. It was decommissioned in 1832, having been replaced by a pair of leading lights half a mile to the north, and is now a private dwelling.
Fabrisio Saïdy is a French sprinter specialising in the 400 metres. He won a bronze medal in the 4 × 400 metres relay at the 2019 European Indoor Championships.
Manor Park is a neighbourhood of Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, Canada. The main entrance to the neighbourhood is from the east on Portland Street. A secondary entrance, from the west, is by way of Celtic Drive, rising from the low-lying area around Lake Banook.
"Grodzisk Wielkopolski is a town in western Poland, in Greater Poland Voivodeship, with a population of 13,703. It is 43 kilometres south-west of Pozna, the voivodeship capital. It is the seat of Grodzisk Wielkopolski County, and also of the smaller administrative district called Gmina Grodzisk Wielkopolski. The suffix ""Wielkopolski"" distinguishes it from the town of Grodzisk Mazowiecki in east-central Poland."
A. J. Fike is an American professional racing driver. He is the older brother of NASCAR driver Aaron Fike. Fike won the 1999 United States Auto Club Midget Car rookie of the year title and his younger brother Aaron Fike won the award the following season making them the first brothers to win the award in back to back seasons. He later drove in several NASCAR races.
The Forth Bridge is a cantilever railway bridge across the Firth of Forth in the east of Scotland, 9 miles west of central Edinburgh. It is considered as a symbol of Scotland, and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It was designed by the English engineers Sir John Fowler and Sir Benjamin Baker. It is sometimes referred to as the Forth Rail Bridge, although this has never been its official name.
The Knights of Columbus Building is a historic building located at Gary, Indiana. It was built in 1925, and is a ten-story brick building that has served as a hotel, a clubhouse, a restaurant, and a sport facility.
The WorldChampion Jet is a fast passenger ferry built in 2000 by Austal, Perth, Australia. Until 31 August 2018, it was in active service between Rønne and Ystad in Sweden. On 19 December 2017, HSC Villum Clausen was sold to the Greek based Ferry Company Seajets. Starting from the summer of 2019, it was renamed WorldChampion Jet and started sailing between Piraeus and Cyclades.
The Luca Coscioni Association for the freedom of scientific research was founded on September 20, 2002 by Luca Coscioni, a victim of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and a member of the Italian Radical Party who promoted the campaign for the freedom of scientific research on embryonic stem cells.
MV Golden Mariana is a passenger ferry operated by Orkney Ferries.
USS Neosho (AO-23) was a Cimarron-class fleet oiler serving with the United States Navy, the second ship to be named for the Neosho River in Kansas and Oklahoma.
Tomah is a city in Monroe County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 9,093 as of the 2010 census. The city is surrounded by the Town of Tomah and the Town of La Grange.
Haymarket is a town in Prince William County, Virginia, United States. The population was 1,782 at the 2010 census, a total that was estimated to have decreased to 1,715 in 2018.
Frank Rattray Lillie was an American zoologist and an early pioneer of the study of embryology. Born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, Lillie moved to the United States in 1891 to study for a summer at the Marine Biological Laboratory in Woods Hole, Massachusetts. Lillie formed a lifelong association with the laboratory, eventually rising to become its director in 1908. His efforts developed the MBL into a full-time institution.
Boujailles is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Miro Oman was a Yugoslavian ski jumper.
The Palazzo delle Poste is located in Piazza Matteotti in central Naples. It is an example of architecture completed during the fascist government of Benito Mussolini. Another such example is the nearby Palazzo della Casa del Mutilato and the adjacent Palazzo della Questura on via Medina. Just north and across the street on via Monteoliveto is the 16th-century Palazzo Orsini di Gravina.
Prince Frederick is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Calvert County, Maryland, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population of Prince Frederick was 2,538, up from 1,432 in 2000. It is the county seat of Calvert County.
The Visitors Information Center, also known as the Rose Building, is a historic building located on Naito Parkway in downtown Portland, Oregon, United States. Built in 1948, it is noted as a prominent product of its architect John Yeon. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Vauxhall Victor is a large family car which was produced by Vauxhall from 1957 to 1976. The Victor was introduced to replace the outgoing Wyvern model. It was renamed to Vauxhall VX Series in 1976 and continued in production until 1978, by which time it had grown significantly and was viewed, at least in its home market, as a larger-than-average family car.
The Perodua Bezza is an A-segment sedan produced by Malaysian automobile manufacturer Perodua. It was launched on 21 July 2016 as Perodua's first sedan car, and a complement to the Axia hatchback.
Lue is the largest settlement and the centre of the Municipality of Lue in northern Slovenia. Traditionally it belonged to the region of Styria and is now included in the Savinja Statistical Region.
Inside the Kunming railway station in Kunming, Yunnan, China at around 21:20 on 1 March 2014, a group of knife-wielding terrorists attacked passengers at the city's railway station. Both male and female attackers pulled out long-bladed knives and stabbed and slashed innocent passengers. Four assailants were shot to death by police on the spot and one injured female perpetrator was captured. The assailants killed 31 civilians with injuring more than 140 people. On 3 March, police announced that the six-man, two-woman group had been neutralized after the arrest of three remaining suspects.
Medellín Sports Coliseum, is a complex of five sports arenas located in Medellín, Colombia: the Guillermo Gaviria Correa Coliseum for Martial Arts, the Jorge Valderrama Coliseum for Handball, the Jorge Hugo Giraldo Coliseum for Gymnastics, the Iván de Beodut Coliseum for Basketball, and the Yesid Santos Coliseum for Volleyball. It is part of the larger Atanasio Girardot Sports Complex.
Stetteldorf am Wagram is a town in the district of Korneuburg in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.
Amanda Pelkey is an American women’s ice hockey player with the Boston Pride of the National Women's Hockey League. At the NCAA level, she accumulated 105 points with the University of Vermont women's ice hockey program.
Fashions for Women is a lost 1927 American drama silent film directed by Dorothy Arzner and written by Paul Armont, Jules Furthman, Percy Heath, Herman J. Mankiewicz, Léopold Marchand and George Marion, Jr.. The film stars Esther Ralston, Raymond Hatton, Einar Hanson, Edward Martindel, William Orlamond and Agostino Borgato. The film was released on March 26, 1927, by Paramount Pictures.
Jarosaw Mika is a Polish officer. He was the general commander of Branches of the Armed Forces since 2017.
Robert Hurst is an American jazz bassist.
Jean Marie Dongou Tsafack, known as Dongou, is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for Finnish club FC Honka as a forward.
Robert Dewey Bohn was a highly decorated officer of the United States Marine Corps, reaching the rank of major general. He served in three wars and concluded his career as commanding general of Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune.
Kitabayama Hidetoshi was a former sumo wrestler and coach from Muroran, Hokkaid, Japan. His highest rank was zeki.
The Royal Danish Air Force is the aerial warfare force of Denmark and one of the four branches of the Danish Defence. Initially being components of the Army and the Navy, it was made a separate service in 1950. It main purpose is to serve as enforcer of Danish airspace and to provide air support to Danish group troops on the battlefield.
Stephen Antonio Cardenas is an American martial artist, musician, and semi retired actor. Cardenas is best known for playing the character Rocky DeSantos, which was the second Red Power Ranger in Mighty Morphin Power Rangers and eventually became the Blue Zeo Ranger in Power Rangers Zeo, two seasons later.
"Katherine Warburton ""Kay"" Sutton was an American actress."
A steward's assistant is an unlicensed, entry-level crewmember in the Steward's department of a merchant ship. This position can also be referred to as steward, galley utilityman, messman, supply, waiter or General Steward.
David Foster Wallace was an American author of novels, short stories and essays, as well as a university professor of English and creative writing. Wallace is widely known for his 1996 novel Infinite Jest, which Time magazine cited as one of the 100 best English-language novels from 1923 to 2005. His posthumous novel, The Pale King, was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 2012.
Endre György was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Agriculture in 1905.
Belo Oriente is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil.
Sentoku Station is a railway station on the Yamada Line in the city of Miyako, Iwate, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
Archduchess Marie Valerie of Austria was the third daughter and fourth and last child of Franz Joseph I of Austria and Elisabeth of Bavaria. Her given name was Marie Valerie Mathilde Amalie, but she was usually called Valerie.
The Vermontville Academy, also known as the First Congregational Chapel, is a building in Vermontville, Michigan, located oat 106 North Main Street. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972, and is part of the Historic American Buildings Survey. It now serves as the Vermontville Historical Museum.
"Chinawut-Stéphane Indracusin, also known as Chin, is a Thai singer, actor, model, dancer and music composer. Born on August 13, 1989 in Bangkok, Thailand to a French mother and a Thai father, he has one younger sister Sophie Marguerite which is an actress and dancer. Chinawut started his career early on by signing up with the biggest record label in Thailand, GMM Grammy which selected him for the G-JUNIOR. Chin was finally given the opportunity to release his own album, ""Chin Up"" in May 2007. Chin went to New York City to work on his album Maybe I'm Bad. In the fall of 2008, Chin did a Malaysian commercial presenting a Sony Skinny T. For this commercial he recorded several of his songs in Chinese, including 'Term Mai Keuy Tem', 'Roo Chai Mai Wa Ruk' and 'Keun Tee Neung'. He is now the presenter for Sony Skinny T Digital Camera in Malaysia and a singer of growing reputation in Malaysia. Chin starred in the original Taiwanese drama Love 18 as Joshua. And in year 2016 he released his new single ""Jub – Yo"" x Gavin Duval. Currently, he served the Royal Thai Army as an Armed Force member and the artist of Royal Thai Army."
"Wegmans Food Markets, Inc., is a privately held American supermarket chain; it is headquartered in Gates, New York. As of August 2020, Wegmans has 103 stores in the mid-Atlantic and Northeastern regions. The company has stores in New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Maryland, Massachusetts, Virginia and North Carolina, with planned expansions into Delaware and the District of Columbia. Founded in 1916 in Rochester, Wegmans has appeared on Fortune's annual ""100 Best Companies to Work For"" list since the list first appeared in 1998. In 2020, the company was ranked at number three on the Fortune List of the Top 100 Companies to Work For in 2020 based on an employee survey of satisfaction."
Orzowei is a 1955 novel by Italian writer Alberto Manzi. It is an anti-racist educational story set in Southern Africa. Adaptations of the novel include a movie and a popular TV series.
Owicim County is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Owicim, which lies 51 kilometres west of the regional capital Kraków. The county contains four other towns: Kty, 17 km south of Owicim, Brzeszcze, 9 km south-west of Owicim, Chemek, 8 km north of Owicim, and Zator, 16 km east of Owicim.
Forest Finns were Finnish migrants from Savonia and Northern Tavastia in Finland who settled in forest areas of Sweden proper and Norway during the late 16th and early-to-mid-17th centuries, and traditionally pursued slash-and-burn agriculture, a method used for turning forests into farmlands. By the late 18th century, the Forest Finns had become largely assimilated into the Swedish and Norwegian cultures, and their language, a variety of Savonian Finnish, is today extinct, although it survived among a tiny minority until the 20th century.
Coolboy Ngamole is a South African long-distance runner who specialises in the marathon. He competes for the Nedbank Running Club.
Flottbek is a small river of Hamburg, Germany. It flows into the Elbe near Hamburg-Othmarschen.
Skjetten is a town in Lillestrøm municipality, Viken county, Norway. It is located approximately 20 kilometres northeast of Oslo's city centre with a population of 10 000. Skjetten was highly affected by gang wars and crime from 1992 - 2007, but crime has lessened considerably in later years. Skjetten is now known for its family friendly environment, in part because of the recent construction of four kindergartens, two elementary schools and a highschool in close proximity.
Raymond Roche is a French former professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.
Bennie Fowler III is an American football wide receiver for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League. He played college football for Michigan State and was signed by the Denver Broncos as an undrafted free agent in 2014.
The 2011 Birmingham City Council Election took place to elect members of Birmingham City Council in the West Midlands, England. One third of the council was up for election, one seat in each of the city's 40 council wards. The election took place at the same day as the 2011 United Kingdom local elections.
Oswald Ludwig Pohl was a German SS functionary during the Nazi era. As the head of the SS Main Economic and Administrative Office and the head administrator of the Nazi concentration camps, he was a key figure in the Final Solution, the genocide of the European Jews.
Antonio Bertoletti, also known as Antoine Marc Augustin Bertoletti was a Milanese military officer who served the French Empire as a general of brigade, notably in the Peninsular War.
The Battle of Sprimont, Battle of Esneux or Battle of the Ourthe was a battle between French Republican and Austrian troops on the plateau between the valleys of the Vesdre, the Ourthe and the Amblève, 20 kilometres south of Liège. It occurred on 17 and 18 September 1794 and was a French Republican victory. The battle put a final end to the Ancien Régime in what is now Belgium, then essentially the Austrian Netherlands, Principality of Liège and the Principality of Stavelot-Malmedy. French troops dislodged Austrian troops occupying the plateau, though the French suffered heavy losses. Associated with the battle are the villages of Sprimont, Esneux, Fontin and the site of the La Redoute, whose name originates in a redoubt involved in the battle.
Swannanoa is a census-designated place in Buncombe County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 4,576 at the 2010 census. The community is named for the Swannanoa River, which flows through the settlement. It is part of the Asheville Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The Turkic Khaganate or Göktürk Khaganate was a khaganate established by the Ashina clan of the Göktürks in medieval Inner Asia. Under the leadership of Bumin Qaghan and his sons, the Ashina succeeded the Rouran Khaganate as the hegemonic power of the Mongolian Plateau and rapidly expanded their territories in Central Asia. Initially the Khaganate would use Sogdian in official and numismatic functions. Although the Göktürks spoke Old Turkic, the Khaganate's early official texts and coins were written in Sogdian. It was the first Turkic state to use the name Türk politically. Old Turkic script was invented at the first half of the 6th century.
"Jochen Wermuth is a German investor, who serves on the steering committees of the ""100% Impact"" family office network and the ""Europeans for DivestInvest"" investor association. He is the founder and Chief Investment Officer of Wermuth Asset Management, a German family office and investment advisory firm committed to sustainable investments. As of June 2017, he is also a member of the investment committee for the newly formed EUR 24 billion Energy Transition Fund."
Marooned Hearts is a lost 1920 American silent drama film directed by George Archainbaud. It starred Conway Tearle and Zena Keefe.
Villa di Chiavenna is a comune in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 100 kilometres north of Milan and about 35 kilometres northwest of Sondrio, on the border with Switzerland.

Tung Chung West is the proposed MTR terminus station of the Tung Chung Line, west of Tung Chung, Lantau Island, New Territories, Hong Kong, which would follow on from Tung Chung Station. When Yat Tung Estate in Tung Chung West was constructed, the MTR Corporation and the Hong Kong SAR Government reserved a site to build the station. Due to insufficient population there, the station has so far not been constructed.
"The 427th Special Operations Squadron is a specialized, covert unit of the United States Air Force. After reporter Andreas Parsch filed a Freedom of Information Act request, the Air Force told him the unit ""support[s] training requirements … for infiltration and exfiltration."" That is, it prepares troops for secretly slipping into and out of dangerous territory. The squadron is not listed by the Air Force Historical Research Agency. It is reported by the press to be stationed at Pope Field, North Carolina.
Shadowwood, also known as the Wharf Estate, is a historic estate located in Palmyra Township, Knox County, Indiana. The house was built on land purchased from Robert B. Patterson on what had been part of the Rose Hill Farmstead. The main house was built in 1917, and is a 2 1/2-story, five bay, Colonial Revival style brick dwelling built for Col. Eugene C. Wharf. It has a side gabled tile roof. The south facade features a two-story portico with a second story sleeping porch. Also on the property are the contributing pump house, carriage house, and chicken house.
Kreuzberg, is a district of Berlin, Germany. It is part of the Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg borough located south of Mitte. During the Cold War era, it was one of the poorest areas of West Berlin, but since German reunification in 1990 it has become more gentrified and known for its arts scene.
Neeraj Vora was an Indian movie director, screenwriter, actor and producer. He first became known in Bollywood for being a writer of Aamir Khan's movie Rangeela. He then went on to direct his own movies, including Khiladi 420, Phir Hera Pheri and Shortkut. He was born in Bhuj, Gujarat.
Simon Brauer is a photographer and cinematographer. He is also the author of the first Ecuadorian book on 3D photography, Quito Profundo. He contributed to several advertising agencies, magazines, films and books. His career as a cinematographer and photographer veers towards the artistic, where experimentation is fundamental tool. Brauer was among the first to fight for film studies in Ecuador when local films were rare. In 2014 he was presented in Variety as one of Ecuador's most interesting talents As a cinematographer he has collaborated with renowned Ecuadorian filmmakers such as Sebastian Cordero, Mateo Herrera, Ivan Mora Manazano and Ana Cristina Barragán. Brauer also work as director of photography of music videos for several well known musicians.
See Poy House is a heritage-listed house at 134 Edith Street, Innisfail, Cassowary Coast Region, Queensland, Australia. It was built between 1929 and 1932. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 19 November 2010.
The Murugan Temple of North America is the first temple in the United States that is dedicated to the Hindu deity Murugan. The temple is located in Lanham, Maryland, about 5 miles from Washington, D.C. Conceived in the 1980s and opened in 1999, MTNA celebrates all Hindu and Tamil festivals, holidays and special occasions. In addition, the temple conducts bhajans, Tamil and religious classes. Devotees from Maryland, Washington, Virginia and throughout the country visit this traditional Saivite Hindu temple. The main sannidhi at MTNA is for Murugan with Valli Devasena. There are four other sannidhis, for Vinayaka, Siva, Meenakshi, Durga and Palani Aandavar.
"Vacas Municipality is the second municipal section of the Arani Province in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia. Its capital is Vacas known as the ""Land of the potato"". During the Inca Empire Vacas served as a tampu along the Inca road system that led to Inkallaqta and Pocona.
Anacamptodes defectaria, the brown-shaded gray moth, is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found from Pennsylvania, west to Iowa and Kansas, south to Texas, and south and east to Florida.
The Mexican vihuela is a guitar-like string instrument from 19th-century Mexico with five strings and typically played in mariachi groups.
Wallowa Lake is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Wallowa County, Oregon, United States. It is located on the south end of Wallowa Lake, and is a small community made up of vacation homes, lodging, restaurants, as well as other small businesses.
Shigeru Chiba was a Japanese baseball second baseman who played with the Tokyo Kyojin/Yomiuri Giants from 1938 to 1941, and again from 1946 to 1956. He later managed the Kintetsu Buffalo from 1959 to 1961, and was elected to the Japanese Baseball Hall of Fame in 1980.
Estelle Nze Minko is a French handball player for Gyri Audi ETO KC and the French national team.
Guanábano is a barrio in the municipality of Aguada, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 749.
Scott Raymond Adams is the creator of the Dilbert comic strip, and the author of several nonfiction works of satire, commentary, and business.
Rocamadour is a French cheese from the southwest part of the country. It is produced in the regions of Périgord and Quercy and takes its name from the village of Rocamadour in the département of the Lot.
Asterostigma is a genus of flowering plants in the family Araceae. It is native to Brazil and Argentina. The leaves are pinnate and the plant is tuberous.
"New Politics is a Danish rock band from Copenhagen, formed in 2009. It currently consists of David Boyd, Søren Hansen, and Louis Vecchio. The band's sound has been described as a blend of ""punk, pop, and electronically induced dance rock"". They have released five albums: New Politics in 2010, A Bad Girl in Harlem in 2013, Vikings in 2015, Lost in Translation in 2017 and An Invitation to an Alternate Reality in 2019 and are best known for their singles ""Yeah Yeah Yeah"" and ""Harlem""."
Gaj nad Mariborom is a settlement in the hills northwest of Maribor in northeastern Slovenia. It belongs to the City Municipality of Maribor.
Datura discolor, also called the desert thorn-apple, is an herbaceous annual plant native to the Sonoran Desert of western North America, where it grows in sandy soils and washes. All parts of the plant contain a mix of alkaloids that are potentially lethal when enough is ingested. Deaths from careless recreational use of Datura and related plants are frequently reported.
Cercis siliquastrum, commonly known as the Judas tree or Judas-tree, is a small deciduous tree from Southern Europe and Western Asia which is noted for its prolific display of deep pink flowers in spring.
Varaha Cave Temple is a rock-cut cave temple located at Mamallapuram, on the Coromandel Coast of the Bay of Bengal in Kancheepuram District in Tamil Nadu, India. It is part of the hill top village, which is 4 kilometres to the north of the main Mahabalipurm sites of rathas and the Shore Temple. It is an example of Indian rock-cut architecture dating from the late 7th century. The temple is one of the finest testimonial to the ancient Hindu rock-cut cave architecture, out of many such caves also called mandapas. Part of the Group of Monuments at Mahabalipuram, the temple is a UNESCO World Heritage Site as inscribed in 1984 under criteria i, ii, iii and iv. The most prominent sculpture in the cave is that of the Hindu god Vishnu in the incarnated form of a Varaha or boar lifting Bhudevi, the mother earth goddess from the sea. Also carved are many mythical figures.
Vernoux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
The Rambler Rebel is an automobile that was produced by the American Motors Corporation of Kenosha, Wisconsin for the 1957–1960 model years, as well as again for 1966 and 1967.
Elatochori is a village and a community of the Katerini municipality. Before the 2011 local government reform it was part of the municipality of Pierioi, of which it was a municipal district. The 2011 census recorded 533 inhabitants in the village. The community of Elatochori covers an area of 38.872 km².
Gonzalo Alfredo Sepúlveda Domínguez is a Chilean footballer.
Big Hole is a large maar in the Fort Rock Basin of Lake County, central Oregon, northeast of Crater Lake, near Oregon Route 31. It is approximately 6000 ft across and 300 feet deep.
lkay Durmu is a German born Turkish footballer who plays for St Mirren in the Scottish Premiership.
Stedje Church is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Sogndal Municipality in Vestland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Sogndalsfjøra, near the shore of the Sogndalsfjorden. It is the church for the Stedje parish which is part of the Sogn prosti in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The red, wooden church was built in a long church style in 1867 using designs by the architect Christian Christie. The church seats about 400 people.
Anju Panta is a Nepalese ghazals and playback singer. She sang popular numbers including the title song of Ma Timi Bina Marihaalchhu, Bhun bhun bolyo bhamara of Saput, Dil yo mero dil in Kismat, and Sustari sustari mannma for Darr. Panta sang for 18 films and more than 100 Nepalese songs in duets and solos.
Durankulak is a village in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Shabla Municipality, Dobrich Province. Located in the historical region of Southern Dobruja, Durankulak is the north-easternmost inhabited place in Bulgaria and the northernmost village of the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast, although the village itself is slightly inland. Durankulak lies north of the town of Shabla, with the only places to the north along the coast being the formerly exclusively Czechoslovak camping site Kosmos and the Kartalburun and Sivriburun headlands. Durankulak is also the name of the nearby border checkpoint on the Bulgarian-Romanian border; just north of the border is the Romanian seaside resort Vama Veche.
Wakasa Bay is a bay located in the Chbu region of Japan, and spans the coasts of Kyoto Prefecture, and Fukui Prefecture.
"Fox Theater, also known as Central Assembly Christian Life Center, is a historic movie theater located at Joplin, Jasper County, Missouri. It was built in 1930, and is a two-story, ""L""-shaped, brick, single bay, two-part commercial building with Mission Revival detailing. The ornate interior features extensive displays of plaster, metal, and wood decoration executed in Spanish Revival designs. The building was sold to the Central Assembly Church of Joplin in 1974.
Juan Manuel Bordeu was a racing driver from Balcarce, Argentina. A protégé of Juan Manuel Fangio, Bordeu had a successful early career but a bad testing accident wrecked his chances in Formula One. His only World Championship Formula One entry was at the 1961 French Grand Prix in a Lotus run by the UDT Laystall team, but the car was eventually driven by Lucien Bianchi.
Santa Cruz das Flores is a municipality situated in the north half of the island of Flores, in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores. Situated in the sparsely populated Western Group, the population in 2011 was 2,289 inhabitants in an area that covers approximately 70.91 square kilometres, bordering the southern municipality of Lajes das Flores.
Galluccio is a comune in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about 60 kilometres northwest of Naples and about 45 kilometres northwest of Caserta. It is at the feet of the southern slopes of Monte Camino.
Nobuhiro Takashiro is a former Nippon Professional Baseball infielder.
One Love Manchester was a benefit concert and British television special held on 4 June 2017, which was organised by Ariana Grande, Simon Moran, Melvin Benn, and Scooter Braun in response to the bombing after the singer's concert at Manchester Arena two weeks earlier. The concert took place at Old Trafford Cricket Ground in Old Trafford, Greater Manchester, and aired live on BBC One in the UK with hosts Sara Cox and Ore Oduba. The concert was attended by 55,000 people. Guest stars included Justin Bieber, the Black Eyed Peas, Coldplay, Miley Cyrus, Mac Miller, Marcus Mumford, Niall Horan, Little Mix, Katy Perry, Take That, Imogen Heap, Pharrell Williams, Robbie Williams and Liam Gallagher.
"Arthur John ""Jack"" Rowe was an English professional golfer. Rowe won a tournament at Westward Ho! in 1899 while his best finish in the Open Championship was in 1905 where he finished in a tie for 11th place. He played three times for England against Scotland between 1903 and 1907 and was a professional at Royal Ashdown Forest Golf Club for 55 years."
The name Macedonia is used in a number of competing or overlapping meanings to describe geographical, political and historical areas, languages and peoples in a part of south-eastern Europe. It has been a major source of political controversy since the early 20th century. The situation is complicated because different ethnic groups use different terminology for the same entity, or the same terminology for different entities, with different political connotations.
Howrah railway station, also known as Howrah Junction, is a railway station located in the city of Howrah, West Bengal, India. It is one of the busiest train stations in the world. About 600 passenger trains pass through the station each day, utilising its 23 platforms, and serving more than one million passengers per day. Howrah is one of five intercity train stations serving the Kolkata metropolitan area, the others being Sealdah, Santragachi, Shalimar and Kolkata railway stations.
Steven James Kline is a former American relief pitcher who pitched for the Cleveland Indians, Montreal Expos, St. Louis Cardinals, Baltimore Orioles, and San Francisco Giants of the Major League Baseball over an 11-year career. Kline attended West Virginia University, where he played college baseball for the Mountaineers.
Upper Township is a large township in Cape May County, New Jersey, United States. It is part of the Ocean City Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2010 United States Census, the township's population was 12,373, reflecting an increase of 258 from the 12,115 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 1,434 from the 10,681 counted in the 1990 Census.
"Eliza Kate Coupe is an American actress and comedian, known for playing Jane Kerkovich-Williams in the ABC comedy series Happy Endings, Denise ""Jo"" Mahoney in the final two seasons of the medical comedy-drama Scrubs, and her recurring role as Hannah Wyland in Quantico."
Kraks is a small town in Kdainiai district, central Lithuania. It is located on the Smilgaitis River. In the town there is a Catholic church, convent, secondary school and post office.
Joshua Ferraro is an American entrepreneur and computer scientist.
"The Osaka Higashi Line is a railway line in Osaka, Japan, operated by the West Japan Railway Company. The line connects Shin-Osaka Station in northern Osaka with Kyhji Station in Yao, forming an arc around the northern and eastern suburbs of the city. Before being named on August 23, 2007, the line was constructed with the tentative name ""Osaka Outer Loop Line"".
The Australian National Railways Commission was an agency of the Government of Australia that was a railway operator between 1975 and 1998. It was known as Australian National Railways in its early years, before being rebranded as Australian National.
"Off Kilter is a Celtic rock band. Off Kilter was formed in 1997, and performed regularly at Epcot from their inception in 1997 through September 27, 2014. Their first album, Off Kilter, included some traditional songs like ""Dirty Old Town"" and ""Fields of Athenry"" as well as covers of popular rock songs generally from Canadian artists such as ""Takin' Care of Business"" and ""Summer of '69."" They have also produced covers of the Battlefield Band's ""The Rovin' Dies Hard"". It was announced on August 28, 2014, that Off Kilter's final performance at Epcot would be September 27, 2014. They were replaced with a lumberjack-inspired show at the Canada pavilion, which was canceled November, 2015. Off Kilter continues to perform, and is currently touring the country performing at many different venues."
The Mineral Wells Index was a daily newspaper published in Mineral Wells, Texas, on weekday afternoons and Sunday mornings. The Index coverage area included Palo Pinto County, Texas. It is owned by Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
The social and legal situation of women in Uzbekistan has been influenced by local traditions, religion, the earlier Soviet regime and changing social norms since independence.
Gianni Moscon is an Italian professional cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam Team Ineos.
The Lakeshore Psychiatric Hospital was a psychiatric hospital located in the town of New Toronto, Ontario. The hospital grounds now form part of Humber College's Lakeshore Campus.
The 2014 Pacific hurricane season was the fifth-busiest season since reliable records began in 1949, alongside the 2016 season. The season officially started on May 15 in the East Pacific Ocean, and on June 1 in the Central Pacific; they both ended on November 30. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Pacific basin.
Ukhta is an important industrial town in the Komi Republic of Russia. Population: 99,591; 103,340; 110,548.
Espenberg is a volcanic field in Alaska that contains the largest maars on Earth. It was active during the Pleistocene until 17,500 years BP, when a large eruption formed the 8 by 6 kilometres wide Devil Mountain Maar and deposited tephra over 2,500 square kilometres, burying vegetation and forming the largest maar on Earth. Other maars in the field are the North and South Killeak Maars and Whitefish Maar, and Devil Mountain is a shield volcano.
Naujan, officially the Municipality of Naujan, is a 1st class municipality in the province of Oriental Mindoro, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 102,998 people.
Vossajazz or Vossa Jazz is an international jazz festival in Voss, Norway, which takes place annually during the week before Easter, and which also includes concerts throughout the year. The festival has been led by Trude Storheim since August 2007.
Plantago subnuda is a species of plantain known by the common name tall coastal plantain. It is native to western North America from the west coast of the United States to west-central Mexico, where it grows in wet and moist habitat types, often in coastal areas, such as marshland. It is a perennial herb producing few oval leaves around a thick caudex. The broad smooth-edged or slightly toothed leaves may be up to 40 centimeters long. The stemlike inflorescences grow erect to a maximum height near half a meter. Atop the peduncle of the inflorescence is a dense cylindrical spike of many tiny flowers. Each flower has a corolla of ephemeral petals about 3 millimeters long.
Shlomo Shamir was the third Commander of the Israeli Navy, and the first Israeli Navy Commander to receive the rank of Aluf. He was the third Commander of the Israeli Air Force.
"Bathurst Inlet is a rock on the surface of Aeolis Palus, between Peace Vallis and Aeolis Mons, in Gale crater on the planet Mars. The rock was encountered by the Curiosity rover on the way from Bradbury Landing to Glenelg Intrigue on September 30, 2012 and was named after Bathurst Inlet, a deep inlet located along the northern coast of the Canadian mainland. The ""approximate"" site coordinates are: 4.59°S 137.44°E.
Remelana jangala, the chocolate royal, is a lycaenid or blue butterfly found in South Asia. The species was first described by Thomas Horsfield in 1829.
Sangeet Paul Choudary is a business scholar, entrepreneur, advisor and author. He is best known for his work on platform economics and network effects. He is the co-author of the book Platform Revolution: How Networked Markets Are Transforming the Economy and How to Make Them Work for You.
Charles Belcher was an American film actor. He appeared in 17 films between years 1919 and 1928.
The Kalinago Territory, previously known as the Carib Reserve or Carib Territory, is a 3,700-acre district in the Caribbean island-nation of Dominica. It was established for the indigenous Kalinago people, also known as the Carib, who inhabited Dominica prior to European colonization and settlement.
Right Of Way/Ocean is a light rail stop on the Muni Metro M Ocean View line, located in the Merced Manor neighborhood of San Francisco, California. It opened in 1925 with the first phase of the line. The station is located where the line's private right-of-way crosses Ocean Avenue, with narrow side platforms located on the near side of the grade crossing. The northbound platform is across the tracks from the southbound platform of Right Of Way/Eucalyptus station.
"The Young Communist League is the youth organization of the Communist Party of Cuba. Its membership is voluntary and selective, and counts more than 600,000 active members. Its symbol shows the stylized faces of Julio Antonio Mella, Camilo Cienfuegos and Che Guevara. The motto is Estudio, Trabajo, Fusil and means ""Study, Work, Rifle""."
The Reichskommissariat Ostland was established by Nazi Germany in 1941 during World War II. It became the civilian occupation regime in the Baltic states and the western part of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic. German planning documents initially referred to an equivalent Reichskommissariat Baltenland. The political organization for this territory – after an initial period of military administration before its establishment – involved a German civilian administration, nominally under the authority of the Reich Ministry for the Occupied Eastern Territories led by Nazi ideologist Alfred Rosenberg, but actually controlled by the Nazi official Hinrich Lohse, its appointed Reichskommissar.
Göreme National Park is a national park in central Turkey. It occupies an area of nearly 100 km² and is located in Nevehir Province. It became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1985 under the name Goreme National Park and the Rock Sites of Cappadocia. The park features a rocky, water- and wind-eroded landscape with a network of ancient, interconnecting underground settlements.
Gandaki Pradesh is one of the seven federal provinces established by the current constitution of Nepal which was promulgated on 20 September 2015. Pokhara is the province's capital city. It borders the Tibet Autonomous Region of China to the north, Bagmati Pradesh to the east, Karnali Pradesh to the west, and Province No. 5 and Uttar Pradesh of India to the south. The total area of the province is 21,504 km². According to the latest census, the population of the province was 2,403,757. The newly elected Provincial Assembly adopted Gandaki Pradesh as the permanent name by replacing its initial name Province no. 4 in July 2018.
The Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme is a mid-size car produced by Oldsmobile between 1966 and 1997. It was positioned as a premium offering at the top of the Cutlass range. It began as a trim package, developed its own roofline, and rose during the mid-1970s to become not only the most popular Oldsmobile but the highest selling model in its class.
The 2018 St Helens Metropolitan Borough Council election took place on 3 May 2018 to elect members of St Helens Metropolitan Borough Council in England. This was on the same day as other local elections. It saw the Green Party get the biggest vote growth, However the only seat change was in Rainhill where an Independent beat Labour. Elsewhere UKIP's Vote share collapsed.
St Clair railway station is located on the Outer Harbor line. Situated in the north-western Adelaide suburb of Cheltenham, it is 8.6 kilometres from Adelaide station. A Coles supermarket is built right next to the city-bound platform.
Temuco is a Chilean city with 245,347 inhabitants.
The blackcap illadopsis is a species of bird in the family Pellorneidae. It is native to areas surrounding the Gulf of Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
Dufferin—Caledon is a federal electoral district in Ontario, Canada, that has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 2004.
Jeanne Jugan, also known as Sister Mary of the Cross, L.S.P., was a French woman who became known for the dedication of her life to the neediest of the elderly poor. Her service resulted in the establishment of the Little Sisters of the Poor, who care for the elderly who have no other resources throughout the world. She has been declared a saint by the Catholic Church.
Pholidosaurus is an extinct genus of neosuchian crocodylomorph. It is the type genus of the family Pholidosauridae. Fossils have been found in northwestern Germany. The genus is known to have existed during the Berriasian-Albian stages of the Early Cretaceous. Fossil material found from the Annero and Jydegård Formations in Skåne, Sweden and on the island of Bornholm, Denmark, have been referred to as a mesoeucrocodylian, and possibly represent the genus Pholidosaurus.
Beurizot is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.
David Fuster Torrijos is a Spanish retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.
Danbury is a city in Woodbury County, Iowa, United States. It is part of the Sioux City, IA–NE–SD Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 348 at the 2010 census. Danbury has two churches, St. Mary's Catholic Church and the United Methodist Church. Danbury holds a fall celebration called Corn Days during harvest.
HMS Triumph (N18) was a T-class submarine of the Royal Navy. She was laid down by Vickers at Barrow-in-Furness and launched in September 1938.
PNA Azopardo (GC-25) is a Mantilla-class patrol boat of the Argentine Naval Prefecture, built at the Empresa Nacional Bazán shipyards and commissioned in 1983. The vessel is named after Juan Bautista Azopardo, a Maltese privateer and officer of the Argentine Navy during the Independence and Cisplatine wars, and Harbourmaster of Buenos Aires; she is the second PNA ship with this name.
The Motor Machine Gun Service was a unit of the British Army in the First World War, consisting of batteries of motorcycle/sidecar combinations carrying Vickers machine guns. It was formed in 1914 and incorporated into the Machine Gun Corps in October 1915 as the Machine Gun Corps.
Xylophagus ater is a species of awl fly belonging to the family Xylophagidae found in Central Europe and North Europe.
Local government elections took place in London, and some other parts of the United Kingdom on Thursday 6 May 1982. Ward changes took place in Enfield which increased the total number of councillors by 6 from 1,908 to 1,914.
The East Market Street Church of Christ is a historic former church building in Akron, Ohio, United States. Built in 1912 and one of the oldest Akron Plan churches in existence, it has been designated a historic site.
Cedrus deodara; Hindi, Sanskrit:  devadru; Chinese:  xue song is a species of cedar trees. It is also known as: Deodar cedar, Himalayan cedar, or Himalayan deodar.
Townsville Showground is a heritage-listed showground at 72-104 Ingham Road, West End, City of Townsville, Queensland, Australia. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 16 October 2008.
Weissach is a municipality in the district of Böblingen in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
Saint-Nicolas Church is located in Saint Cyprien neighbourhood on the west side of the Garonne River, just outside the old city walls of Toulouse.
Hawkwood is an Italianate-villa style country house near Gordonsville, Virginia, United States. It was designed by architect Alexander Jackson Davis of New York in 1851 for Richard Overton Morris of the locally prominent Morris family, and was completed in 1855. The house, which has also been described as being in the Italian Villa style, is one of only two Davis designs in that style which have not been substantially altered.
Volleyball is a team sport in which two teams of six players are separated by a net. Each team tries to score points by grounding a ball on the other team's court under organized rules. It has been a part of the official program of the Summer Olympic Games since Tokyo 1964.
Dhimay, Dhimaya or Dhime is a drum, and according to the Sachs-Hornbostel classification belongs to the category of double-headed cylindrical membranophone.
Daxin County is a county in the west of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, China. It is under the administration of Chongzuo city.
Alfons Higl is a German football coach and a former player.
Jordan Richards is an American football strong safety for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League. He played college football at Stanford and was drafted by the New England Patriots in the second round of the 2015 NFL Draft.
Frank Rafael Rainieri Marranzini is a businessman in the tourist industry in the Dominican Republic. He is the chairman and founder of Grupo Puntacana. According to Forbes, Rainieri has one of the ten largest fortunes in the Dominican Republic, with a net worth near the billion-dollar mark as of 2014. In 2015, he was designated ambassador of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta to the Dominican Republic, a position that his father also held four decades earlier.
Simon Vance is an audiobook narrator and actor who performs contemporary literary works as well as classics, children's books, and nonfiction. He has won 16 Audie Awards since 2002. Specializing in single-voice narration, he was named the American Library Association's Booklist Magazine Voice of Choice in 2008, and has earned AudioFile Magazine's Earphones Award for more than 60 performances since 1998. He has also narrated audiobooks under the names of Richard Matthews and Robert Whitfield. He lives in Los Angeles, California.
The rufous-bellied triller is a species of bird in the family Campephagidae.
The Graian Alps are a mountain range in the western part of the Alps.
Shoshannah Stern is an American actress.
Gruene is a former German town in Comal County in the U.S. state of Texas. Once a significant cotton-producing community along the Guadalupe River, the town has now shifted its economy to one supported primarily by tourism. Gruene, a German surname, is now a district within the city limits of New Braunfels, and much of it was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on April 21, 1975. The city is known for its German-Texan heritage and architecture.
Jean-Charles Chapais, PC was a Canadian Conservative politician, and considered a Father of Canadian Confederation for his participation in the Quebec Conference to determine the form of Canada's government.
Abu Sa'id Mirza occupied Herat on July 19, 1457. But he had to immediately abandon the city in order to deal with the Balkh revolt by the sons of Abdal-Latif Mirza, one of whom he killed in battle while the other Juki Mirza escaped to the steppes in the north under the protection of Abul-Khayr Khan, the Khan of the Uzbek principality of Tura, a part of the empire of Desht-i Kipchak region that lies to the east of Ural mountains.
Haplochromis flavipinnis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria though it may now be extinct. This species can reach a length of 15.6 centimetres SL.
The greater sooty owl, is a medium to large owl found in south-eastern Australia, Montane rainforests of New Guinea and have been seen on Flinders Island in the Bass Strait. They have a finely white spotted head with scattered white spots on the wings. The females are lighter colored than the males. The females' length is 37–43 cm and weighs 750-1200 g. The smaller male has a length of 37–43 cm and weighs 500-700 g. The wing length is 30–40 cm. The large dark eyes are set in a round large facial disk. The facial disk is dark gray-silver or sooty black and has a heavy black edge. The upper part of the owl is black to dark gray and the under part is lighter. The tail is short and the legs are feathered. The feet and talons are large. Their call is a piercing shriek which can last up to two seconds.
The Boeing B-47 Stratojet is a retired American long-range, six-engined, turbojet-powered strategic bomber designed to fly at high subsonic speed and at high altitude to avoid enemy interceptor aircraft. The primary mission of the B-47 was as a nuclear bomber capable of striking targets within the Soviet Union.
Ararat is a province of Armenia. The capital is Artashat. It is named after Mount Ararat. The province borders Turkey to the west and Azerbaijan to the south.
Collo was an ancient Roman–Berber city in the northern Skikda Province, Algeria. It was the capital and one of three municipalities of Collo District, and a Catholic titular episcopal see under its Roman name Chullu. In 1998, it had a population of 27,800.
The 2003 Tour de France was a multiple stage bicycle race held from 5 to 27 July, and the 90th edition of the Tour de France. It has no overall winner—although American cyclist Lance Armstrong originally won the event, the United States Anti-Doping Agency announced in August 2012 that they had disqualified Armstrong from all his results since 1998, including his seven Tour de France wins from 1999 to 2005; the Union Cycliste Internationale has confirmed this verdict.
The 471st Special Operations Wing is an inactive United States Air Force wing. The wing was formed through the consolidation of the 471st Bombardment Group and the 581st Air Resupply and Communications Wing.
Moréac is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
John James McAliskey is a former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Huddersfield Town, Torquay United, Wrexham and Mansfield Town. Born in Huddersfield, England, he reprented the Republic of Ireland at undder-21 level.
Janów Lubelski is a town in eastern Poland. It has 11,938 inhabitants. Situated in the Lublin Voivodship, Janów Lubelski belongs to Lesser Poland, and is located in southeastern corner of this historic Polish province. It is the capital of Janów Lubelski County. Previously, Janów belonged to Tarnobrzeg Voivodeship. It has a large hospital. It also has several tourist attractions, including buildings and churches from the 17th and 18th centuries.
Susquehanna County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 43,356. Its county seat is Montrose. The county was created on February 21, 1810, from part of Luzerne County and later organized in 1812. It is named for the Susquehanna River.
The 1906 Minnesota gubernatorial election took place on November 6, 1906. Democratic Party of Minnesota candidate John Albert Johnson defeated Republican Party of Minnesota challenger A. L. Cole.
The pale-eyed pygmy tyrant is a species of bird in the tyrant flycatcher family, Tyrannidae, where it makes up the monotypic genus Atalotriccus.
Integrin beta-3 or CD61 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ITGB3 gene. CD61 is a cluster of differentiation found on thrombocytes.
Meldal is a former municipality in Trøndelag county, Norway. The municipality existed from 1838 until its dissolution in 2020 when it joined Orkland Municipality. It was part of the Orkdalen region. The administrative centre of the municipality was the village of Meldal. Other villages included Løkken Verk, Bjørnli, Å, and Storås.
Asimina triloba, the papaw, pawpaw, paw paw, or paw-paw, among many regional names, is a small deciduous tree native to the eastern United States and Canada, producing a large, yellowish-green to brown fruit. It belongs to the genus Asimina in the same plant family as the custard-apple, cherimoya, sweetsop, ylang-ylang, and soursop.
Wadysaw of Opole was a Duke of Kalisz during 1234–1244, Duke of Wielu from 1234 to 1249 and Duke of Opole–Racibórz from 1246 until his death.
Badan Warisan Malaysia is a non-government organisation formed in 1983, concerned with the conservation and preservation of Malaysia's built heritage. It is a voluntary organisation with tax-exempt status.
Coffeyville Army Airfield was a World War II training base of the United States Army Air Forces Central Flying Training Command. It was later used by Third Air Force. Today, it is the city-owned Coffeyville Municipal Airport, Kansas.
The FC Twin is a Famiclone that can play Nintendo Entertainment System and Super NES games. Manufactured by Qishenglong, the system has been well-received due to the increasing scarcity of the original hardware. It is distributed by Yobo Gameware in the U.S. and Gametech in Japan.
"Dan McDowell is an American radio personality. Also known as ""The Sports Fuhrer"" and ""Naughty Ben Franklin,"" McDowell co-hosts BaD Radio with Jake “Kempanzee” Kemp on the sports radio station KTCK /KTCK-FM The Ticket in Dallas, Texas."
A foreign body is any object originating outside the body of an organism. In machinery, it can mean any unwanted intruding object.
Karol Aída Cariola Oliva is a Chilean midwife, and former president of the Federación de Estudiantes de la Universidad de Concepción for 2010. She was elected General Secretary of the Juventudes Comunistas de Chile, abbr. JJ.CC., at the organizations XIII Congress held in October 2011. Cariola is the second woman to hold this post in the Communist Youth of Chile after the late communist leader Gladys Marin.
The Kandrich, at 638.6 m above sea level, is the highest mountain in the Bingen Forest It is situated near Daxweiler in the county of Bad Kreuznach in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
"FC Tobol Tobolsk is a Russian football team from Tobolsk. Founded in 1999 instead of the dissolved football club ""Irtysh""."
"Warren Park is a town in Warren Township, Marion County, Indiana. The population was 1,480 at the 2010 census. It has existed as an ""included town"" since 1970, when it was incorporated into Indianapolis as part of Unigov. It is part of Indianapolis, but retains a functioning town government under IC 36-3-1-11."
Vikebygd is a village area in the municipality of Ullensvang in Vestland county, Norway. The village area is actually made up of the conurbation of the smaller villages of Bleie and Nå. The village area lies on the western shore of the Sørfjorden, across from the village of Sekse. The village is built on the steep mountainsides that line the sides of the fjord. The Folgefonna National Park and the Folgefonna glacier both lie just to the southwest of the village. The village area is dominated by fruit farms and orchards.
"The Mendota to Wabasha Military Road, Cannon River Section is a 3,200-foot-long fragment of a road in Red Wing in the U.S. state of Minnesota. The road once stretched from Mendota to Wabasha and was planned in the earliest years of Minnesota Territory before Minnesota became a state. This particular fragment of road, which spans the Cannon River bottomlands, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. It was listed as part of a statewide survey that identified historic fragments of the military wagon roads built between 1850 and 1861. The survey found that a road fragment could be considered historic if it was unpaved, that it is ""long enough to evoke a sense of destination"" where an observer at one end could not see the other end, and that the setting of the road had not been intruded upon with recent buildings or roads.
Tan Kah Kee MRT station is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Downtown Line in Bukit Timah, Singapore. Located directly underneath the campus of Hwa Chong Institution, this station was named after the founder of the institution, Tan Kah Kee, who was also a businessman, community leader and philanthropist. This is the first and only MRT station on the network to adopt a person's full name as the station's name.
Jestebí is a village and municipality in Šumperk District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.
The Krönten is a mountain of the Urner Alps, overlooking the Reuss valley, in the canton of Uri. Its 3,108 metre high summit lies between the valleys of Erstfeld and Gorneren.
Jeffrey Kang, is the founder and CEO of Cogobuy Group PLC, the largest corporate procurement eCommerce platform for IC components in China.
Smyer is a town in Hockley County, Texas, United States. The population was 474 at the 2010 census.
The Pucará culture was an archaeological culture which developed in Qullaw, along the north-western shore of Lake Titicaca. It was characterized by a hierarchy of sites made up several smaller centers and villages scattered throughout the northern basin of the Titicaca, ruled from its nucleus - the town of Pukara with an approximate extension of 6 square kilometers, constituted the first properly urban settlement in the Titicaca basin. Its sphere of influence reached as far north as the Cuzco Valley and as far south as Tiahuanaco. The culture had two phases of development within the Formative Period: the Middle Formative, and Late Formative.
The London and North Western Railway Class G were several related classes of 0-8-0 steam locomotives. These 0-8-0s were the principal work-horses for freight traffic on the latter-day London & North Western.
Ralph Andrew Ofstie was a Vice Admiral in the United States Navy, an escort carrier commander in World War II, Deputy Chief of Naval Operations, and Commander of the U.S. Sixth Fleet. He was born in Eau Claire, Wisconsin and his hometown was Everett, Washington.
Achalinus meiguensis, commonly known as the Sichuan odd-scaled snake, is a species of snake in the family Xenodermatidae.
Rockleigh is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the borough's population was 531, reflecting an increase of 140 from the 391 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 121 from the 270 counted in the 1990 Census. Bordering Alpine, a community ranked America's most expensive ZIP Code by Forbes, Rockleigh has a similar residential character, with large single-family homes on large plots of land.
Paulding County is a county located in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. Part of the Atlanta metropolitan area, it had an estimated population of 168,667 in 2019. The county seat is Dallas. Eden's Garden State Park
Spring Lake Heights is a borough located in the southern coastal portion of Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the borough's population was 4,713, reflecting a decline of 514 from the 5,227 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn declined by 114 from the 5,341 counted in the 1990 Census.
Auguste Perret was a French architect and a pioneer of the architectural use of reinforced concrete. His major works include the Théâtre des Champs-Élysées, the first Art Deco building in Paris; the Church of Notre-Dame du Raincy; the Mobilier Nationale in Paris; and the French Economic, Social and Environmental Council building in Paris. After World War II he designed a group of buildings in the centre of the port city of Le Havre, including St. Joseph's Church, Le Havre. to replace buildings destroyed by bombing during World War II. His reconstruction of the city is now a World Heritage Site.
Siedlec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn, within Pozna County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres east of Kostrzyn and 27 km east of the regional capital Pozna.
Hany is a city located in Saitama Prefecture, Japan. As of 1 February 2016, the city had an estimated population of 54,916, and a population density of 936 persons per km². Its total area is 58.64 square kilometres.
Bressolles is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
The New Zealand DSG class is a type of diesel-electric shunting locomotive used in New Zealand. The class shares a central cab design with the smaller DSC class shunting locomotive, and is twin-engined. Meanwhile, the very similarly designed, single-engined DSJ class, has a cab that is offset from the centre.
Zhnyborody is a village in the Buchach Raion of the Ternopil Oblast in western Ukraine.
"Sir Robert F. Marx was an American pioneer in scuba diving, a prolific author, and was best known for his work with marine archeology. Over his career, he discovered over 5000 shipwrecks in over 60 countries. Although some accused him of treasure hunting, fellow archeologist E. Lee Spence described Marx as the ""true father of underwater archaeology"". Marx also helped write UNESCO legislation regarding shipwrecks."
The Mikoyan-Gurevich I-320 was a prototype Soviet long-range all-weather interceptor aircraft of the late 1940s-early 1950s. Only two were made, with no production following.
Katherine Airfield was an airfield in the town of Katherine, Northern Territory, Australia that closed in 1978 when civil operations moved to RAAF Base Tindal, 15 km south of Katherine. The site of the airfield is now home to the Katherine Museum.
In molecular biology, the GA module, or protein G-related albumin-binding module, is a protein domain which occurs on the surface of numerous Gram-positive bacterial pathogens. Protein G of group C and G Streptococci interacts with the constant region of IgG and with human serum albumin. The GA module is composed of a left-handed three-helix bundle and is found in a range of bacterial cell surface proteins. GA modules may promote bacterial growth and virulence in mammalian hosts by scavenging albumin-bound nutrients and camouflaging the bacteria. Variations in sequence give rise to differences in structure and function between GA modules in different proteins, which could alter pathogenesis and host specificity due to their varied affinities for different species of albumin. Proteins containing a GA module include PAB from Peptostreptococcus magnus.
The Consortium for North American Higher Education Collaboration is a non-profit membership organization which advises and connects higher education institutions interested in establishing or strengthening academic collaborative programs in the North American region.
The fifth-generation Chevrolet Camaro is a pony car that was manufactured by American automobile manufacturer Chevrolet from 2010 to 2015 model years. It is the fifth distinct generation of the muscle/pony car to be produced since its original introduction in 1967. Production of the fifth generation model began on March 16, 2009 after several years on hiatus since the previous generation's production ended in 2002 and went on sale to the public in April 2009 for the 2010 model year.
"Japhet Isidro Amador Hernandez, nicknamed ""El Gigante de Mulegé"", is a Mexican professional baseball first baseman and designated hitter for the Diablos Rojos del México of the Mexican League. He previously played for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles of Nippon Professional Baseball."
Bibhuti Bhushan Nayak is an Indian journalist, who holds seven Guinness World Records and 12 Limca Book Records in physical strength to his name. He aims to have 72 records to his name. He currently manages his ancestral business, works as a journalist at The Times of India and teaches underprivileged children martial arts to continue the training of breaking world records. Bibhuti sustains himself on a completely vegetarian diet consisting only of pulses and sprouts. Nayak graduated as a management student from Osmania University. In recognition of his physical strength feats, he was given an honorary title of Singh and a pagri by the Gurudwara where he attempted the record. In addition to that, he is popularly known as the Bruce Lee of Navi Mumbai, for his martial arts and record breaking accolades.
The Riker-Lent-Smith Homestead and Cemetery is a historic house and cemetery at 78-03 19th Road in East Elmhurst, New York. The neighborhood, within the New York City borough of Queens, is called Steinway in the National Register of Historic Places designation document.
Corwith Township is a civil township of Otsego County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1,719 at the 2000 census.
John Anthony Palumbo is an American author, businessman and professional speaker who writes and lectures internationally on consumer behavior, sales psychology, and personal development. He is based in Jacksonville, Florida.
Nassif Majdalani was a Lebanese radio and television presenter, as well as president of the Lebanon Football Association, which he helped found in 1933, between 1946 and 1949. He is the youngest president in the LFA's history, aged 33 when he assumed office.
Garrett Heath is an American runner from Winona, Minnesota, who raced in various middle and long-distance running events. He represented the United States at the 2010 World Indoor Championships where he finished seventh in the 1500 meters. He is the elder brother of Elliott Heath.
The Austin A70 Hampshire and later Austin A70 Hereford are cars that were produced by Austin of Britain from 1948 until 1954. They were conventional body-on-frame cars with similar styling to the smaller A40 Devon and A40 Somerset models respectively. 85,682 were built.
DeAnna Marie Price is an American track and field athlete competing primarily in the hammer throw.
San Zenón is a town and municipality of the Colombian Department of Magdalena. It was founded in 1751 by Antonio de Mier y Guerra. On April 30, 1950, it was elevated to the category of municipality.
JS Ise is a Hyga-class helicopter destroyer of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force. It is the second ship to be named Ise, the first being the Imperial Japanese Navy World War II-era battleship Ise.
Smita Rao Bellur is a Hindustani classical vocalist and Sufi singer.
Ully-Saint-Georges is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
The 2nd Tatsinskaya Guards Tank Corps was a Red Army tank corps that saw service during World War II on the Eastern Front. After the war it continued to serve with Soviet occupation forces in Central Europe. It was originally the 24th Tank Corps. The unit had approximately the same size and combat power as a Wehrmacht Panzer Division, and less than a British Armoured Division had during World War II.
Main and Military Plazas Historic District is a historic district in San Antonio, Texas. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979, with a boundary increase in 2019.
"NGC 455 is a lenticular galaxy of type S? located in the constellation Pisces. It was discovered on October 27, 1864 by Albert Marth. It was described by Dreyer as ""faint, very small, almost stellar."""
The Falls of Bruar are a series of waterfalls on the Bruar Water in Scotland, about 8 miles from Pitlochry in the council area of Perth and Kinross. They have been a tourist attraction since the 18th century and were immortalized in a poem by Robert Burns, The Humble Petition of Bruar Water to the Noble Duke of Atholl, supposedly from the river itself entreating the Duke to plant some trees in the then barren landscape.
Pachuta is a town in Clarke County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 261 at the 2010 census.
Thanpuying Lursakdi Sampatisiri was the daughter of Nai Lert Sreshthaputa and the only heir of the business and real estate empire, founded in 1894, known as Nai Lert Group. As one of Thailand's most prominent businesswomen, Sampatisiri created one of the first international hotels in Bangkok, The Hilton International Bangkok at Nai Lert Park. Today the hotel is known as Swissôtel Nai Lert Park Hotel, Bangkok, and remains the flagship of the real estate portfolio of the group.
Zeytinburnu station is an under construction station in Zeytinburnu, Istanbul. The new platform will replace the 62 year old station opened in 1955. The original station was opened on 4 December 1955 as part of the Istanbul suburban commuter rail service between Sirkeci and Halkal. The new station is expected to open towards the end of 2018.
Drgoeti is a commune located in Vâlcea County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Buciumeni, Drgoeti and Geamna.
Berri–UQAM station is a Montreal Metro station in the borough of Ville-Marie, in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It is operated by the Société de transport de Montréal and is the system's central station. This station is served by the Green, Orange, and Yellow lines. It is located in the Quartier Latin.
Hennie Top is a former professional cyclist from Wekerom, Netherlands. She competed in the women's road race at the 1984 Summer Olympics, finishing 37th. During the 1990s Top was the cycling coach of the United States women's team.
The Royal Brunei Air Force is the air force of the sultanate of Brunei. It is mainly based at the Rimba Air Base within the Brunei International Airport. The role of the Royal Brunei Air Force is to defend the national airspace and to provide air surveillance of the land and maritime borders.
Veyrières is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.
Davenescourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
The Lotus Exige is a British two-door, two-seat sports car made by Lotus Cars since 2000. Originally a more-hardcore coupé version of the Lotus Elise roadster, since the Series 3 the Exige has been the larger-engined model of the family - using a V6 engine in place of the Elise's straight 4 with convertible versions of both available.
"Winthrop Paul ""Win"" Rockefeller was an American Republican politician and businessman who served as the 17th Lieutenant Governor of Arkansas from 1996 until his death in 2006. He was a member of the Rockefeller family."
Mount Belford is a high mountain summit of the Collegiate Peaks in the Sawatch Range of the Rocky Mountains of North America. The 14,203-foot fourteener is located in the Collegiate Peaks Wilderness of San Isabel National Forest, 15.0 miles northwest by west of the Town of Buena Vista in Chaffee County, Colorado, United States.
Nová Ves u Leštiny is a village and municipality in Havlíkv Brod District in the Vysoina Region of the Czech Republic.
St Mary's Church is in Halton, which was formerly a separate village, but is now part of the town of Runcorn, Cheshire, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Frodsham. The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Alan Kenneth Mackenzie Clark was a British Conservative Member of Parliament, author and diarist. He served as a junior minister in Margaret Thatcher's governments at the Departments of Employment, Trade and Defence. He became a member of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom in 1991.
The Kresta I class, Soviet designation Project 1134 Berkut, was a class of guided missile cruiser built in the Soviet Union for the Soviet Navy. The ships were designed for a surface warfare role, but Soviet priorities were changed to an anti-submarine role and only four ships were built in this configuration. They were followed by the Kresta II class, an anti-submarine warfare variant.
Viioara is a commune in Bihor County, Criana, Romania with a population of 1,336 people. It is composed of four villages: Izvoarele, Pdureni, Reghea and Viioara.
Chief Lake is a census-designated place in the town of Hayward, Sawyer County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 583 at the 2010 census.
Henry Algernon George Percy, Earl Percy, styled Lord Warkworth until 1899, was a British Conservative politician. He held political office under Arthur Balfour as Under-Secretary of State for India and Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs before his early death in 1909.
Esmans is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
The Complex is a 5,350 seat, 105,600 square feet, multi-purpose arena in Valdosta, Georgia, USA. Construction began in 1979 and was completed in 1982. It is the home of the Valdosta State University Blazers basketball and volleyball teams. The Complex also contains a four lane jogging track and offices for the athletic department, kinesiology, and physical education departments.
Emma Kalanikaumakaamano Kaleleonlani Naea Rooke of Hawaii was queen of Hawaii as the wife of King Kamehameha IV from 1856 to his death in 1863. She was later a candidate for the throne but King Kalkaua was elected instead.
"Brian Phillip Buscher, nicknamed ""The Urban Legend,"" is a former Major League Baseball third baseman. He served in 2011 as the undergraduate assistant coach for the South Carolina Gamecocks baseball team."
Yalong Bay is a 7.5 kilometres beach located in southeast Sanya, Hainan, China. It is also known as the Yalong Bay National Resort. The eastern part of the bay is occupied by PLA Navy as the East Section of Yulin Naval Base.
Carel Godfried Withuys was a Dutch writer and poet. Much of his work was patriotic in nature, especially during and after the Belgian Revolution of 1830.
Tsuko Station is a train station located in Ogri, Fukuoka.
"Irby Rice ""Rabbit"" Curry was an American football quarterback for Vanderbilt University from 1914 to 1916. He was selected as a first-team All-Southern player in 1915 and 1916 and a third-team All-American in 1916. In August 1918, while serving as a pilot in the 95th Aero Squadron during World War I, he was killed in aerial combat over France. He was described as ""the player who has most appealed to the imagination, admiration, and affection of the entire university community through the years."""
The mountain peacock-pheasant also known as Rothschild's peacock-pheasant or mirror pheasant is a medium-sized, up to 65 cm long, blackish brown pheasant with small ocelli and long graduated tail feathers. Both sexes are similar. The male has metallic blue ocelli on upperparts, green ocelli on tail of twenty feathers and two spurs on legs. Female has black ocelli on upperparts, unspurred legs and tail of eighteen feathers. The female is smaller and duller than male.
Artesian Well Park is a small urban park in downtown Salt Lake City that contains a natural artesian spring fed by an underground aquifer. It occupies a quarter acre on the southwest corner of the intersection between 800 South and 500 East. People from all over the surrounding area have been coming to get water for free from this spring for over 100 years.
Pengbu is a transfer station on Line 1 and Line 4 of the Hangzhou Metro in China. It was opened in November 2012, together with the rest of the stations on Line 1. It is located in the Jianggan District of Hangzhou. This station offers cross-platform interchange.
Cancer productus, one of several species known as red rock crabs, is a crab of the genus Cancer found on the western coast of North America.
"Hypolepis is a genus of ferns described as a genus in 1806. The word is derived from Greek, meaning ""under scale"". It is found in tropical and subtropical regions, primarily in the New World but also in the Old World and on various oceanic islands.
Shamlaji no medo, also spelled Shamalaji, is a major Hindu pilgrimage centre in Aravalli district of Gujarat state of India. The Shamlaji temple is dedicated to Vishnu or Krishna. Several other Hindu temples are located nearby.
Mareil-sur-Mauldre is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
The Legislative Assembly election was held over five-phases in Bihar through October–November 2015 before the end of the tenure of the prior Legislative Assembly of Bihar on 29 November 2015.
Darin Charles Erstad is an American former professional baseball player and the former head coach of the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers baseball team. Prior to 2007, he had played with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim franchise before signing with the Chicago White Sox in 2007. He batted and threw left-handed. He was a two-time MLB All-Star and a three-time Gold Glove Award winner.
Culoz is a commune in the Ain department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of France.
Godfroy Langlois was a politician, a journalist and a lawyer in Quebec. He was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for the Liberal Party of Quebec.
Acanthocinini is a tribe of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae. It was described by Blanchard in 1845.
Sir Evan Nepean, 1st Baronet, PC FRS was a British politician and colonial administrator. He was the first of the Nepean Baronets.
The Frari Triptych or Pesaro Triptych is a 1488 oil on panel triptych painting by Giovanni Bellini. It is signed and dated 1488 on the centre of the Virgin Mary's throne, though it may have taken several years to produce, meaning he started it in 1485. On the reverse is a label dating its completion more precisely, to 15 February 1488. It is in the basilica di Santa Maria Gloriosa dei Frari in Venice.
Lely is a census-designated place in Collier County, Florida, United States. The population was 3,451 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Naples–Marco Island Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Jessica-Bianca Wessolly is a German sprinter. She won a silver medal in the 200 metres at the 2019 Summer Universiade.
"Nataša Kandi is a Serbian human rights activist and coordinator of the RECOM Reconciliation Network, founder and ex-executive director of the Humanitarian Law Center, an organisation campaigning for human rights and reconciliation in the former Yugoslavia, focusing on the Serbian role in conflict. It was formed in 1992. The HLC's research was integral to the war crimes prosecutions of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, particularly the ""smoking gun"" video linking Serbian military forces to the Srebrenica massacres. She has won numerous international awards for her human rights work. She is a figure of controversy in Serbia where she was the subject of a defamation lawsuit by former President of Serbia Tomislav Nikoli."
Palazzo Arese-Bethlen was a neoclassical palazzo in Milan situated on what is now via Monte di Pietà 11. It was destroyed in 1943 following the bombing of Milan in World War II.
Magrath is a town in Cardston County, Alberta, Canada. Its population was 2,217 in 2011. Magrath is 32 km south of Lethbridge and 242 km south of Calgary.
Basser Chrétien is a Moroccan footballer. Born to a Moroccan father and a French mother, he is a right-sided fullback.
23 August is a commune in Constana County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. The commune includes three villages:
Manduca dilucida is a moth of the family Sphingidae first described by William Henry Edwards in 1887.
The Trouble with Harry is a 1955 American Technicolor black comedy film directed by Alfred Hitchcock. The screenplay by John Michael Hayes was based on the 1950 novel by Jack Trevor Story. It starred Edmund Gwenn, John Forsythe, Mildred Natwick, Jerry Mathers and Shirley MacLaine in her film debut. The Trouble with Harry was released in the United States on September 30, 1955, then re-released in 1984 once the distribution rights had been acquired by Universal Pictures.
Southchase is a census-designated place and an unincorporated area in Orange County, Florida, United States. The population was 15,921 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Orlando–Kissimmee–Sanford, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Takarafuji Daisuke is a Japanese professional sumo wrestler from Nakadomari, Aomori. He is a sandanme division champion. The highest rank he has reached is sekiwake.
The Friedrich Schiller University of Jena is a university in Jena, Germany. It was founded in the year 1558. In 2009, there were more than 21,000 students.
Fukda Station is a railway station on the Tsugaru Railway Line in the town of Nakadomari, Aomori, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Tsugaru Railway Company.
Prince Louis of Orleans, Duke of Nemours was the second son of King Louis-Philippe I of France, and his wife Maria Amalia of Naples and Sicily.
Saint-Julien-du-Tournel is a former commune in the Lozère department in southern France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune Mont Lozère et Goulet. Its population was 131 in 2017.
Sylvester E. Paulus was an American football and basketball coach.
"Francisco de Holanda was a Portuguese court painter, architect, and sculptor for King João III of Portugal, and later for Sebastian of Portugal. He is considered to be one of the most important figures of the Portuguese Renaissance. Francisco was also an essayist, architect and historian. He represented the intelligible reality of the Holy Trinity through a ""hypothetical"" syntax of geometrical figures. He insisted on the contrast between the ideal plane, the incorporeal form and the ""imperfect copy in the terrestrial zone"". His visual language demonstrated a mixture of Neoplatonism, Christian Kabbalah and finally Lullism. In education, Francisco de Holanda emphasized mathematics and geometry, subsequently anticipating Clavius's reforms of the late 16th century. Sylvie Deswarte said that ""Francisco de Holanda gives a privileged place to cosmography and astrology in the education of the painter. On par with geometry, mathematics and perspective, he recommended them [...] in order to reach the heavens in the hope of one day arriving to the Empyrean and realizing celestial works."""
Jörg Sprave is a German YouTuber, known for his English language channel JoergSprave.
London Country North East was a bus operator in South East England and London. It was formed from the split of London Country Bus Services in 1986 and operated a fleet of around 350 buses from six garages, with its headquarters located in Hatfield.
The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Ivory Coast in March 2020.
Minamimaki is a village located in Nagano Prefecture, Japan. As of 1 April 2019, the village had an estimated population of 2924 in 1091 households, and a population density of 22 persons per km². The total area of the village is 133.09 square kilometres.
Toulaud is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.
Szymon Szewczyk is a Polish professional basketball player for Anwil Wocawek of the Tauron Basket Liga. Standing at 6'10, he plays both the power forward / center positions.
"Natalie Zemon Davis, CC is a Canadian and American historian of the early modern period. She is currently an Adjunct Professor of History and Anthropology and Professor of Medieval Studies at the University of Toronto in Canada. Her work originally focused on France, but has since broadened to include other parts of Europe, North America, and the Caribbean. For example, Trickster Travels views Italy, Spain, Morocco and other parts of North Africa and West Africa through the lens of Leo Africanus's pioneering geography. It has appeared in four translations, with three more on the way. Davis' books have all been translated into other languages: twenty-two for The Return of Martin Guerre. She is a hero to many historians and academics, as ""one of the greatest living historians"", constantly asking new questions and taking on new challenges, the second female president of the American Historical Association and someone who ""has not lost the integrity and commitment to radical thought which marked her early career"".
Gökay Akbulut is a member of the German parliament and a social scientist. She represents the German state of Baden-Württemberg and is a member of The Left Party.
Rita Sakellariou was a Greek singer.
The flag of the Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic flag shows a yellow hammer and sickle and outlined star on a red field above a band of water waves near the bottom, and was adopted by the Estonian SSR on February 6, 1953.
Wilkinson County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, 9,563 people lived there. The county seat is Irwinton. The county was created on May 11, 1803 and named for General James Wilkinson.
Henriette Caillaux was a Parisian socialite and second wife of the former Prime Minister of France, Joseph Caillaux. On March 16, 1914, she shot and killed Gaston Calmette, editor of the newspaper Le Figaro.
Ecolines is a long distance coach organisation with a transnational network.
Prabumulih is a city in South Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 421.62 km² and had a population of 161,814 at the 2010 Census; the latest official estimate is 173,858. Geographically, this city is located at 3°2558S 104°148E in the heart of the province, and is surrounded on all sides by Muara Enim Regency apart from a short stretch bordering Penukal Abab Lematang Ilir Regency.
The Norton–Polk–Mathis House, also known Villa Finale, is a historic house in San Antonio, Texas, United States.
Motoyama Station is a railway station operated by Shin-Keisei Electric Railway's Shin-Keisei Line located in Matsudo, Chiba Prefecture, Japan. It is 8.7 kilometers from the terminus of the Shin-Keisei Line at Matsudo Station.
Delta County Memorial Hospital is a regional hospital in Delta, Colorado, in Delta County. The hospital has 49 beds.
Bishopton railway station serves the village of Bishopton in Renfrewshire, Scotland. The station is on the Inverclyde line, 13 miles west of Glasgow Central. It opened on 29 March 1841. The station is managed by Abellio ScotRail.
Zsolt Gévay is a Hungarian professional footballer who plays for Paks, as a defender.
The Heriberto Gil Martínez Airport is an airport serving the municipality of Tulua in the Valle del Cauca Department of Colombia.
Maeda Corporation is a Japanese corporation which was established in 1919. Its main areas of business are building construction and civil engineering.
Drhovy is a village and municipality in Píbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
The Japanese mole, also known as Temminck's mole, is a species of mole native to East Asia. Its range extends south from Japan. A solitary and diurnal species, it can live for up to 3.5 years in the wild.
Fu Lu Shou Complex is a shopping centre in the Bugis section of downtown Singapore that specialises in Daoist and Buddhist religious paraphernalia.
Yvette Broch is a retired Dutch handball player, on the Dutch national team.
Agnicourt-et-Séchelles is a commune in the department of Aisne in the Hauts-de-France region of northern France.
Reilly Township is a township in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 802 at the 2000 census.
Staré Heminovy is a village and municipality in Bruntál District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
"Bishop Dunbar's Hospital was founded in 1531 by Bishop Gavin Dunbar, the Elder. The hospital was endowed by a mortification just before his death. Dunbar petitioned the King, James V of Scotland, and the charter, signed on 24 February 1531 records the King’s approval that ‘[Dunbar shall] ... found an hospital near the cathedral church, but outside the cemetery...’ It was also known as St Mary's Hospital. In the mortification, Dunbar's charitable purpose is recorded. Bedesmen were supported by a charitable foundation that emerged from the original church control until the twenty-first century. Bedesmen drew their name from the word ""bede"" - a prayer. The residents of Dunbar's Hospital said prayers in a cycle of Divine Office. The Bede House, Old Aberdeen was used by the Bedesmen from the hospital from 1789 to the end of the nineteenth century. The only remains of the 1531 building can be seen in a perimeter wall for Seaton Park in Old Aberdeen. The last Bedesman died in 1988. The Managers of the Hospital constituted a Charity, Bishop Dunbar Hospital Trust. The Charity ceased active operation in 2012."
Saint-Narcisse-de-Rimouski is a parish municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec, located in the Rimouski-Neigette Regional County Municipality.
Bhim Singh, was the 25th Maharana of the Mewar region and the 1st Maharana of the Princely state of Udaipur. He was a son of Maharana Ari Singh II and younger brother of Maharana Hamir Singh II.
The plantar reflex is a reflex elicited when the sole of the foot is stimulated with a blunt instrument. The reflex can take one of two forms. In healthy adults, the plantar reflex causes a downward response of the hallux. An upward response of the hallux is known as the Babinski response or Babinski sign, named after the neurologist Joseph Babinski. The presence of the Babinski sign can identify disease of the spinal cord and brain in adults, and also exists as a primitive reflex in infants.
Thai comics are comics written and produced in Thailand.
Marco Foscarini was a Venetian poet, writer and statesman who served as the 117th Doge of Venice from May 31, 1762 until his death. He studied in his youth in Bologna, and was active as a diplomat, serving as ambassador to Rome and Turin; he also served as the Procurator of St Mark's for a time. He was succeeded as Doge by Alvise Giovanni Mocenigo.
Minuscule 124,  1211, is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 188 thick parchment leaves. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th-century. It has marginalia and liturgical matter. The manuscript is quoted in edition of the Novum Testamentum Graece.
Ramsbury is a village and civil parish in the English county of Wiltshire. The village is in the Kennet Valley near the Berkshire boundary. The nearest towns are Hungerford about 4.5 miles east and Marlborough about 5.5 miles west. The much larger town of Swindon is about 12 miles to the north.
Chris Gbandi is a football player. He plays for Haugesund and Liberia national team.
The Sill is a 43-kilometre-long river in Tyrol, Austria. It is one of the larger tributaries of the Inn in Tyrol. It flows north through the Wipptal to Innsbruck. Its source lies east of the Brenner Pass. At the Sillzwickel - the name of the point where it meets the Inn at Innsbruck - there is a recreation area with cycling trails.
Sabellaria is a genus of marine polychaete worms in the family Sabellariidae. The type species is Sabellaria alveolata. These worms are sedentary and build tubes in which to live from sand and shell fragments. Some species are called honeycomb worms and when they occur in great numbers they can form reefs on rocks and other hard substrates. They are filter feeders, extending a plume-like fan of radioles from the end of the tube in order to catch plankton and detritus floating past. They have a distinctive operculum which is used to block the opening of the tube when the radioles are retracted.
Seva is a municipality in the comarca of Osona in
"William la Zouche, 1st Baron Zouche lord of the manor of Harringworth in Northamptonshire, was an English baron and soldier who fought in the Wars of Scottish Independence. He is referred to in history as ""of Harringworth"" to distinguish him from his first cousin Alan la Zouche, 1st Baron la Zouche of Ashby de la Zouch in Leicestershire."
The Arly is a 32.1 km long river in the departments of Savoie and Haute-Savoie, France. It is a tributary of the Isère, which it joins at Albertville.
The Monastery of St. Benedict is formed by the Church and the Monastery, located in the Historic Center of the Brazilian capital of João Pessoa, in the state of Paraíba.
Nundasuchus is an extinct genus of crurotarsan, possibly a suchian archosaur related to Paracrocodylomorpha. Remains of this genus are known from the Middle Triassic Manda beds of southwestern Tanzania. It contains a single species, Nundasuchus songeaensis, known from a single partially complete skeleton, including vertebrae, limb elements, osteoderms, and skull fragments.
Bagurumba is a folk dance of indigenous Bodo tribe in Assam and Northeast India. It is a traditional dance which is traditionally inherent to one generation to another generations. The Bodo women perform the Bagurumba dance with their colourful dokhna, jwmgra and aronai. The Bagurumba dance is accepted as main traditional dance of Bodo people. But there are some other important dances like- Bardwisikhla dance, Mwsaglangnai dance, Dahal-tungri sibnai dance, Sikri sikla dance, Daosri delai dance, Sa-gwlao mwsanai, Kopri sibnai mwsanai and so on. All these dances are known as Kristi dance. It is also accompanied by musical instruments like kham, sifung, jota, serja, and gongwna, tharkha.
Velódromo is a metro station located on Line 9 of the Mexico City Metro. It is named after the nearby Agustín Melgar Olympic Velodrome, or bicycle-racing venue, built for the
The Landing at Kesang River was an amphibious raid conducted by a small force of Indonesian volunteers near the Kesang River, on the border between the Malaysian states of Malacca and Johore on the southwestern part of the Malay Peninsula. The landing was part of the broader Indonesia-Malaysia confrontation, an undeclared war fought between Malaysia and Indonesia during the early 1960s over the creation of an independent Malaysian Federation. The conflict chiefly encompassed parts of northern Borneo, areas that Indonesia sought control in her bid to increase her power and influence in Southeast Asia; however, the landing represented a shift of the operational sphere toward the mainland.
Little Shickshinny Creek is a tributary of Shickshinny Creek in Columbia County and Luzerne County, in Pennsylvania, United States. It is 9.5 miles, nearly as long as Shickshinny Creek itself. The creek flows through Briar Creek Township, Columbia County; Salem Township, Luzerne County; and the borough of Shickshinny, in Luzerne County. It is designated as a high-quality coldwater fishery. Pennsylvania State Game Lands #55 and #260 are in the creek's watershed. The watershed has an area of 9.8 square miles, which includes swamps and forests. Waterfalls known as the Little Shickshinny Creek Falls are located on the creek.
Gary Lee Miller is a professor of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, United States. In 2003 he won the ACM Paris Kanellakis Award for the Miller–Rabin primality test. He was made an ACM Fellow in 2002 and won the Knuth Prize in 2013.
BusCaracas is a bus rapid transit system that serves Caracas, the capital of Venezuela. The system opened to the public in October 2012
The Trinidadian and Tobagonian Ambassador in Washington, D. C. is the official representative of the Government of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago to the Government of the United States of America and Representative to the Organization of American States.
Lucy Martin is a British retired professional road and track cyclist.
Tsuboi Station is a train station in the city of Tsuyama, Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
Polymetme is a genus of lightfishes.
Harry Cleaver Jr. is an American scholar, Marxist theoretician, and professor emeritus at the University of Texas at Austin. He is best known as the author of Reading Capital Politically, an autonomist reading of Karl Marx's Capital. Cleaver is currently active in the Zapatista movement in Chiapas, Mexico.
Aethiopana is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae, endemic to the Afrotropical realm. The single species, Aethiopana honorius, the acraea blue, is found in Guinea, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, the Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda. The habitat consists of forests.
The Division of Blair is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. Created in 1998, it is named after Harold Blair, an Aboriginal singer and civil rights campaigner. It covers an area of 6,409 km² west of Brisbane and includes Kilcoy, Toogoolawah, Esk, Cominya, Lowood, Fernvale, Ipswich, Minden, Marburg, Rosewood, and Walloon.
HMAS Quickmatch was a Q-class destroyer operated by the Royal Australian Navy. Although commissioned into the RAN in 1942, the ship was initially the property of the Royal Navy. Quickmatch served with both the British Eastern Fleet and British Pacific Fleet during World War II. In the 1950s, the destroyer was converted into an anti-submarine frigate. In 1957, Quickmatch operated in support of Malaya during the Malayan Emergency. The ship remained in service until 1963, and after use as an accommodation ship, was sold for scrap in 1972.
Lukas Mugeviius is a Lithuanian professional tennis player and a member of Lithuania Davis Cup team.
Scorzalite is a dark blue phosphate mineral containing iron, magnesium, and aluminium phosphate. Scorzalite forms one endmember of a solid solution series with the lighter, more magnesium-rich lazulite.
René Basset was a French orientalist, specialist of Arabic and Berber languages.
The EMG 81 is a popular active humbucker guitar pickup manufactured by EMG, Inc.. It is usually considered a lead pickup for use in the bridge position, paired with EMG's 85 as a rhythm pickup in neck position. It's not uncommon, however, to see a guitar with two EMG 81s in both bridge and neck positions.
Chester B. Cebulski is an American writer and editor for Marvel Comics, known for his work on titles such as Marvel Fairy Tales. As of November 2017, he holds the position of editor-in-chief.
"Jianyang is a county-level city under the administration of the prefecture-level city of Chengdu, in Sichuan Province, Southwest China. Situated only 48 kilometers south east of the city center of Chengdu, Jianyang is administratively under the jurisdiction of Chengdu from the prefecture-level city of Ziyang since May 2016. The preparation work for changing it to ""Jianyang District"" is already started as of August 2019. The urban center is located on the banks of the Tuo River."
Nakhchivan is the capital of the eponymous Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan, located 450 km west of Baku. The municipality of Nakhchivan consists of the city of Nakhchivan, the settlement of liabad and the villages of Baba, Bulqan, Haciniyyt, Qaraçuq, Qaraxanbyli, Tumbul, Qaraalq, and Daduz. It is spread over the foothills of Zangezur Mountains, on the right bank of the Nakhchivan River at an altitude of 873 m above sea level.
The Sitnica is a 90 km-long river in Kosovo. It flows into the Ibar at Mitrovica, and it is the longest river that flows completely within Kosovo.
Vincent Lionel Arthur was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League.
The Hers-Vif, also named Grand Hers or simply Hers, is a 135-kilometre long river in southern France, right tributary of the Ariège.
The Joseph Bergman House is a house located in northwest Portland, Oregon, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Akinoumi Setsuo, born Nagata Setsuo, was a Japanese professional sumo wrestler from Hiroshima. He was the sport's 37th yokozuna.
Stephenson Township is a civil township of Menominee County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 716 at the 2000 census. The city of Stephenson is surrounded by the township but is administered autonomously.
Febvin-Palfart is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Road P-24 is a motor road of regional significance in Ukraine. Passes through the territory of Ivano-Frankivsk, Ternopil and Khmelnytsky regions.
Tenerife Tram is a light rail or tram service located on the island of Tenerife, one of the Canary Islands. It is operated by Metropolitano de Tenerife, a limited company now 100% owned by the Cabildo of Tenerife. Service started on 2 June 2007 over a 12.5-kilometre route which linked the Intercambiador in Santa Cruz de Tenerife with Avenida de la Trinidad in La Laguna. A second line between La Cuesta and Tíncer opened in 2009. It is the only existing tramway or train in the Canary Islands.
William Shakespeare's Sonnet 43 employs antithesis and paradox to highlight the speaker's yearning for his beloved and sadness in their absence, and confusion about the situation described in the previous three sonnets. Sonnet 27 similarly deals with night, sleep, and dreams.
Hana Horáková is a basketball player from the Czech Republic who plays for BK Brno. She was a member of the national team that won the European title in 2005 by defeating Russia in the final. Playing as a guard she also competed for her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, finishing in fifth place in 2004 and in seventh place at the other two Olympics.
Delhi Metropark is a park in the Huron-Clinton system of metro parks. It is a 81-acre park on the Huron River located five miles northwest of Ann Arbor. It has picnic areas, two picnic shelters, swings and slides, river fishing, canoe rental and softball diamonds. A children's playground features an adventure playship, ride-on toys and swings. A Metropark daily or annual vehicle permit is required for entry to the park. The park will eventually be linked to Dexter-Huron Metropark and Hudson Mills Metropark via the Border-to-Border Trail.
Breedon on the Hill is a village and civil parish about 5 miles north of Ashby-de-la-Zouch in North West Leicestershire, England. The parish adjoins the Derbyshire county boundary and the village is only about 2 miles south of the Derbyshire town of Melbourne. The 2001 Census recorded a parish population of 958 people in 404 households. The parish includes the hamlets of Tonge 1 mile east of the village and Wilson 1.3 miles north of the village on the county boundary. The population at the 2011 census was 1,029 in 450 households.
NGC 1984 is an open cluster associated with an emission nebula, it is located in the constellation Dorado in the Large Magellanic Cloud. It was discovered by John Herschel on 16 December 1835. The apparent magnitude is 9.9 and its size is 1.50 by 1.20 arc minutes.
Anna Sergeyevna Ovcharova is a Russian figure skater. In 2013, she began competing for Switzerland. She is the 2014 Bavarian Open silver medalist, 2014 Challenge Cup bronze medalist, and 2014 Swiss national champion. For Russia, she is the 2011 Cup of Nice bronze medalist, 2010 Russian national junior silver medalist, and placed fifth at the 2010 World Junior Championships.
The 2012 Dallas Cowboys season was the franchise's 53rd season National Football League, the fourth playing their home games at Cowboys Stadium and the second full season under head coach Jason Garrett. The Cowboys matched their win total from 2011, but missed the playoffs for a third consecutive season after losing their final game for the second straight season, this time to the Washington Redskins.
Morum praeclarum is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Harpidae, the harp snails.
Dillon's Bay Airport is an airfield near Dillon's Bay on the island of Erromango, in the Taféa province in Vanuatu.
Dermicidin, also known as proteolysis-inducing factor, is a protein that in humans is encoded by the DCD gene. It is an anti-microbial peptide secreted by human eccrine sweat glands onto the skin as a part of the innate host defense of the immune system. It is also involved in proteolysis.
Timmy Dennis Mario Thiele is a German professional footballer who plays as a forward for FC Viktoria Köln.
Lethe diana, the Diana treebrown, is a brush-footed butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. Its wings are a dark shade of brown, with an eyespot pattern, and a wingspan of about 45–55 mm. It resembles Lethe confusa; however, the Lethe confusa bears a white band on its wings, setting them apart.
Laura Oprea is a Romanian rower. She competed in the women's eight event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Cory Trépanier is a Canadian landscape painter and filmmaker best known for his detailed oil paintings of the Canadian wilderness. He is also the creator of three films documenting his extensive painting journeys: A Painter's Odyssey, Into The Arctic and Into The Arctic II.
Twin Township is one of the sixteen townships of Ross County, Ohio, United States. The 2000 census found 3,146 people in the township.
The next Malaysian general election, formally the 15th Malaysian general election, is scheduled to be held on or before 16 September 2023 to elect the members of the Dewan Rakyat in the 15th Parliament of Malaysia. All 222 seats will be up for election, presuming no constituencies are added or removed in a redistribution. As the 14th Parliament first sat on 16 July 2018, it will automatically be dissolved on 16 July 2023 if not dissolved earlier. Traditionally, elections for all state legislatures are also held concurrently.
Heyrovsky is a small lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. This crater lies just beyond the southwestern limb, in an area of the surface that is sometimes brought into view of the Earth during periods of favorable libration and illumination by sunlight. It lies within the southern part of the wide skirt of ejecta that surrounds the Mare Imbrium impact basin.
Orneta is a town in northern Poland, with a total population of 8,951. It is situated in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship and within the historical region of Warmia.
Cotoneaster frigidus, the tree cotoneaster, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Cotoneaster of the family Rosaceae, native to the Himalayas. It is a deciduous tree or shrub growing to 10 metres. White flowers are followed by masses of small, globose, red fruits in autumn, persisting into winter if not eaten by birds.
Choubeila Rached was a Tunisian singer. Her career started as part of The Rachidia. Rached was decorated with the insignia of the Order of the National Merit in the cultural sector by President Zine el Abidine Ben Ali.
Geneva Mercer was an American artist from Alabama. Best known as a sculptor, she was also an accomplished painter in her later years. Although most of her early work with Italian sculptor Giuseppe Moretti was done under his name, her best known individual works include Joyous Boy, Pied Piper, the Flimp Fountain, and several Julia Tutwiler sculptures located at the Alabama Department of Archives and History, University of Alabama, and University of Montevallo. She was posthumously inducted into the Alabama Women's Hall of Fame in 1989.
Koceljeva is a City and municipality located in the Mava District of western Serbia. In 2019, the population of the municipality is 20,129 inhabitants.
Washington Irving was an American writer. He was born in New York City on April 3, 1783. He began his literary career writing humorous newspaper sketches. He edited magazines. He went to Europe on family matters as a young man. He remained there for 17 years. He served as the United States ambassador to Spain from 1842 to 1846. He wrote biographies. He regarded his 5-volume life of George Washington as his masterpiece. He died in his home, Sunnyside, at Tarrytown, New York on November 28, 1859.
The dentatothalamic tract is a tract which originates in the dentate nucleus and follows the ipsilateral superior cerebellar peduncle, decussating later on and reaching the contralateral red nucleus and the contralateral thalamus.
Juraj II Draškovi was a Croatian nobleman, statesman and Catholic bishop and cardinal, very powerful and influential in the Croatian Kingdom. He was a member of the Draškovi noble family and elected by Sabor – the Parliament of Croatia – as Ban of Croatia to rule the country between 1567 and 1578.
Duchess Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz was Queen consort of Prussia as the wife of King Frederick William III.
Ohain is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Biei is a town located in Kamikawa Subprefecture, Hokkaido, Japan. As of September 2016, the town has an estimated population of 10,374, and a density of 15 persons per km². The total area is 677.16 km².
Pentre Ifan is the name of an ancient manor in the community and parish of Nevern, Pembrokeshire, Wales. It is 11 miles from Cardigan, Ceredigion, and 3 miles east of Newport, Pembrokeshire. Pentre Ifan contains and gives its name to the largest and best preserved neolithic dolmen in Wales.
"Canadian singer Nelly Furtado has released six studio albums, twenty eight singles, one video album, one live album, two compilation albums, three extended plays, and twenty-three music videos. Furtado released her debut album Whoa, Nelly! in 2000 and it became a commercial success selling 6 million copies worldwide. It has been certified multi Platinum in countries such as Canada, United States, Australia and New Zealand. The album spawned four singles including the successful top 10 hits; ""I'm Like a Bird"" and ""Turn Off the Light"". In 2003 she released her second album Folklore, while the album did not match the success of her previous album in such markets as the US and Australia, it did however become a success in several European countries. Folklore has sold 2 million copies worldwide. The album produced two European top 10 hits; ""Powerless"" and ""Força"", while ""Try"" peaked inside the top 10 in Canada. Furtado's third album Loose became her best selling album of career with 12 million copies sold worldwide."
The Scottish Socialist Party is a left-wing political party campaigning for the establishment of an independent socialist Scotland.
Luke Arnold is an Australian actor and author.
Zilupe Municipality is a municipality in the historical region of Latgale, and the Latgale Planning Region in Latvia. The municipality was formed in 2002 by merging Zaesje Parish and Zilupe. In 2009 it absorbed Lauderi Parish and Pasiene Parish, the administrative centre being Zilupe. Zilupe, Lauderi, Zaesje and Pasiene are among the towns and villages located in the municipality.
"Mehmed I, also known as Mehmed Çelebi or Kiriçi, was the Ottoman sultan from 1413 to 1421. The fourth son of Sultan Bayezid I and Devlet Hatun, he fought with his brothers over control of the Ottoman realm in the Ottoman Interregnum. Starting from the province of Rûm he managed to bring first Anatolia and then the European territories under his control, reuniting the Ottoman state by 1413, and ruling it until his death in 1421. Called ""The Restorer,"" he reestablished central authority in the in Anatolia, and expanded the Ottoman presence in Europe by the conquest of Wallachia in 1415. Venice destroyed his fleet off Gallipoli in 1416, as the Ottomans lost a naval war."
The crested lark is a species of lark distinguished from the other 81 species of lark by the crest of feathers that rise up in territorial or courtship displays and when singing. Common to mainland Europe, the birds can also be found in northern Africa and in parts of western Asia and China. It is a non-migratory bird, but can occasionally be found as a vagrant in Great Britain.
Bristol General Hospital was a healthcare facility in Guinea Street, Harbourside, Bristol, in the south west of England. It opened in 1832, and closed in 2012. The BGH was managed by the University Hospitals Bristol NHS Foundation Trust. The building has since been converted into apartments.
Spiegelau is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany. It lies in the heart of the Bavarian Forest.
German Township is one of thirteen townships in St. Joseph County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2000 census, its population was 8,518.
Mora is a Polish coat of arms. It was used by several szlachta families in the times of the Kingdom of Poland and Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Bifidobacterium longum is a Gram-positive, catalase-negative, rod-shaped bacterium present in the human gastrointestinal tract and one of the 32 species that belong to the genus Bifidobacterium. It is a microaerotolerant anaerobe and considered to be one of the earliest colonizers of the gastrointestinal tract of infants. When grown on general anaerobic medium, B. longum forms white, glossy colonies with a convex shape.
Walden is a town located in Hamilton County, Tennessee, United States. The population 1,898 at the 2010 census and 2,142 in 2018. It is part of the Chattanooga, Tennessee–Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Horten AG was a German department store chain founded by Helmut Horten in 1936 and headquartered in Düsseldorf, Germany.
Acharnes is a suburb of Athens, Attica, Greece. With 106,943 inhabitants, it is the most populous municipality in East Attica. It is part of the Athens Urban area.
"The Rio–São Paulo High-Speed Rail is a planned high-speed rail project to connect São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. While originally planned to be operational by 2014 in time for the 20th FIFA World Cup to be held in Brazil at a cost of $9 billion, as of May 2015 formal bidding for the project had yet to start, with the Brazilian government delaying the auction by ""at least"" one year in August 2013, pushing back hopes of completion to at least the 2020s."
The Bank of North America was a private national bank which served as the United States' first de facto central bank. Chartered by the Continental Congress on May 26, 1781, and opened in Philadelphia on January 7, 1782, it was based upon a plan presented by US Superintendent of Finance Robert Morris on May 17, 1781, based on recommendations by Revolutionary era figure Alexander Hamilton. Failing to gain and maintain sufficient long term traction in that role, it was succeeded by the also privately held First Bank of the United States in 1791.
Onychiuridae is a family of Collembola.
Lieutenant Jan Olieslagers was a Belgian motorcycle and aviation pioneer who set world records with both types of machinery. He became a flying ace during World War I despite his indifference in claiming victories; he was credited with six confirmed victories, seventeen unconfirmed, and an unknown number unclaimed. He later was instrumental in developing Antwerp's airport.
Härnösand Municipality is a municipality in Västernorrland County, northern Sweden. Its seat is located in Härnösand.
In the sphenoid bone, the posterior border, smooth and rounded, is received into the lateral fissure of the brain; the medial end of this border forms the anterior clinoid process, which gives attachment to the tentorium cerebelli; it is sometimes joined to the middle clinoid process by a spicule of bone, and when this occurs the termination of the groove for the internal carotid artery is converted into a foramen.
Lawrence Andrew Kingsley Thomas is an Australian football (soccer) goalkeeper who plays for Danish Superliga club SønderjyskE.
Michael Crummey is a Canadian poet and a writer of historical fiction. His writing often draws on the history and landscape of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Old District 10 Schoolhouse, sometimes referred to as the Little Red Schoolhouse, is a 5-room former schoolhouse located in Middleburg Heights, Ohio. Built in 1912, the building was the site of Middleburg's first city hall, as well as a speakeasy during Prohibition and a railroad way station. It was then bought by Harvey Cross in 1940 and was used as his private home until his death in 1970.
The 2010 Atlantic hurricane season started on June 1, 2010 and ended on November 30, 2010. This is the time when hurricanes are likely to form. Unlike the last three years, a storm did not form in the month of May or earlier.
Marcus Dion Camby is an American former professional basketball player who played 17 seasons in the National Basketball Association. He was named Defensive Player of the Year during the 2006–07 NBA season, leading the league in blocked shots per game. Camby is also a four-time member of the NBA All-Defensive Team and is 12th on the NBA's all-time career blocks list.
White Island is one of the larger unpopulated islands of the Isles of Scilly, part of the United Kingdom, and lies off the coast of the northernmost populated island of the group, St Martin's, to which it is joined by a tidal causeway, or isthmus. The island is designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest and a Geological Conservation Review site and is managed by the Isles of Scilly Wildlife Trust on behalf of the Duchy of Cornwall.
Fernando Affonso Collor de Mello is a Brazilian politician who served as the 32nd President of Brazil from 1990 to 1992, when he resigned in a failed attempt to stop his impeachment trial by the Brazilian Senate. Collor was the first President democratically elected after the end of the Brazilian military government. He became the youngest president in Brazilian history, taking office at the age of 40. After he resigned from the presidency, the impeachment trial on charges of corruption continued. Collor was found guilty by the Senate and disqualified from holding elected office for eight years. He was later acquitted of ordinary criminal charges in his judicial trial before Brazil's Supreme Federal Court, for lack of valid evidence.
Venice Army Airfield is an inactive United States Army Forces base, approximately 2 miles south-southeast of Venice, Florida. It was active during World War II as a Third Air Force training airfield. It was closed on 30 November 1945
La Glorieta is a historic hacienda in Albuquerque, New Mexico, believed to be the oldest residence in the city. Its exact age is unknown, but it is known to have been standing in 1803 and possibly dates back as far as the 17th century. It has been the home of several generations of prominent New Mexicans: merchant Franz Huning, U.S. Representative Harvey Butler Fergusson, writer and historian Erna Fergusson, and writer Harvey Fergusson.
Sidney Dean was a United States Representative from Connecticut. He was born in Glastonbury, Connecticut where he attended the common schools and Wilbraham and Suffield Academies. He was a minister in the Methodist Episcopal Church from 1843 to 1853, when he retired from the ministry because of impaired health. After leaving the ministry, he engaged in manufacturing in Putnam, Connecticut.
Perkinsville is a village located in the town of Weathersfield, Windsor County, Vermont, United States. The population was 130 at the 2010 census.
"Andrew ""Boy"" Charlton Pool is an eight-lane outdoor heated salt-water 50-metre swimming pool on the shore of Woolloomooloo Bay in The Domain in Sydney, Australia, near the Royal Botanic Gardens. The pool is typically closed for four months in the colder period of the year - May through August.
Karl I, was the first member of the Liechtenstein family to become a Prince of Liechtenstein, thus he was the founder of the Princely Family of Liechtenstein.
The order-4 octahedral honeycomb is a regular paracompact honeycomb in hyperbolic 3-space. It is paracompact because it has infinite vertex figures, with all vertices as ideal points at infinity. Given by Schläfli symbol {3,4,4}, it has four ideal octahedra around each edge, and infinite octahedra around each vertex in a square tiling vertex figure.
Boubiers is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Renningen is a town in the district of Böblingen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 18 km west of Stuttgart.
The IDS Center is an office skyscraper located at 80 South 8th Street in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Completed in 1972, it is the tallest building in Minneapolis, and the tallest building in the state at a height of 792 feet. It originally stood 775 feet 6 inches, though a 16-foot garage for window washing equipment was added between 1978 and 1979. The structure rises to 910 feet when including communications spires on the roof, indisputably the highest points in the city. The IDS was constructed as the headquarters of Investors Diversified Services, Inc.—now Ameriprise Financial. It also housed the headquarters of Dayton Hudson Corporation from 1972 until 2001.
The canton of Roura is one of the former cantons of the Guyane department in French Guiana. It was located in the arrondissement of Cayenne. Its administrative seat was located in Roura, the canton's sole commune.
Frauenfeld railway station is a railway station in the Swiss canton of Thurgau and municipality of Frauenfeld. The station is located on the Winterthur–Romanshorn railway line, and is the terminus of the narrow-gauge Frauenfeld–Wil railway line.
Elizabeth Ann Gilmour is an American child safety activist and commentator for ABC News. She first gained national attention at the age of 14 when she was abducted from her home in Salt Lake City by Brian David Mitchell. Mitchell and his wife, Wanda Barzee, held Smart captive for nine months until she was rescued by police officers on a street in Sandy, Utah.
Juchnowiec Kocielny is a village in Biaystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Juchnowiec Kocielny. It lies approximately 11 km south of the regional capital Biaystok.
The Sanctuary was a stone and timber circle near the village of Avebury in the south-western English county of Wiltshire. Excavation has revealed the location of the 58 stone sockets and 62 post-holes. The ring was part of a tradition of stone circle construction that spread throughout much of Britain, Ireland, and Brittany during the Late Neolithic and Early Bronze Age, over a period between 3300 and 900 BCE. The purpose of such monuments is unknown, although archaeologists speculate that the stones represented supernatural entities for the circle's builders.
Linda Sue Park is a Korean-American children’s literature poet and novelist. Park was born on March 25, 1960, in Urbana, Illinois. She was educated at Stanford University, California; Trinity College, Dublin; and Birkbeck College, London. Many of her books are written about Korean ethnicity. She was a food journalist from 1985-1990. She taught English as a second language from 1985-2001. Park enjoys cooking, reading, and watching movies and sports in her free time.
Houilles is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France. It is a northwestern suburb of Paris, located 14.2 km from the center of Paris.
Cecilia Carolina Bolocco Fönck is a Chilean television presenter, actress, model, fashion designer and former Miss Universe 1987 of italian and german origin. She is the older sister of Diana Bolocco.
Krasnoshchyokovo is a rural locality and the administrative center of Krasnoshchyokovsky District of Altai Krai, Russia. Population: 5,078; 5,506; 5,501.
The Haines Shoe House is a shoe-shaped house in Hellam Township, Pennsylvania about two miles west of the borough of Hallam, on Shoe House Road near the Lincoln Highway.
The Chief of the Defence Staff is the professional head of the Ghana Armed Forces. He is thus responsible for the administration and the operational control and command of the Ghana military. The CDS is a member of the Armed Forces Council. This council advice the President of Ghana on matters of policy relating to defence and also regulates the administration of the Armed Forces. It also advises the President on the promotion of all officers above the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel or its equivalent. The CDS has also been known as the General Officer Commanding.
Victor Jacquemin was a Belgian sprinter. He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London, but failed to reach the finals of the 100 m and 400 m events.
"William Henry ""Hank"" Green II is an American video blogger, internet producer, musician, author, entrepreneur, and CEO. He is known for producing the YouTube channel Vlogbrothers, where he and his older brother, John Green, regularly upload videos, as well as for creating and hosting the educational YouTube channels Crash Course and SciShow.
Benjamin Jarrod Osborn is an English footballer who plays for Sheffield United. Internationally, he has represented England national youth football teams, at under-18, under-19, and under-20 levels.
Gight is the name of an estate in the parish of Fyvie in the Formartine area of Aberdeenshire, Scotland, United Kingdom. It is best known as the location of the 16th-century Gight Castle, ancestral home of Lord Byron.
Namtaeryeong Station is a station on Seoul Subway Line 4. It is operated by Seoul Metro.
The Shenzhen Special Zone Press Tower is a 262-metre tall skyscraper located in the Futian borough of Shenzhen, China. The tower was completed in 1998 and has 47 floors above ground and 3 underground floors.
The blue-faced rail or bald-faced rail, is a species of bird in the family Rallidae. It is endemic to northern Sulawesi, Indonesia.
"Moniquirá is a town and municipality in Boyacá Department, Colombia, part of the subregion of the Ricaurte Province. It is known for its ""bocadillos"" and ""panelitas de leche"". Moniquirá borders San José de Pare in the north, Togüí and Arcabuco in the east, Gachantivá and Santa Sofia in the south and in the west with the department of Santander."
Hongcheng Lake is a lake in Haikou, Hainan, China. It was renovated around 2017 to 2018. It has three islands. Two small, and one, at the west side, is larger with short bridge access and an old, dilapidated building on it.
The dorcas gazelle, also known as the ariel gazelle, is a small and common gazelle. The dorcas gazelle stands about 55–65 cm at the shoulder, with a head and body length of 90–110 cm and a weight of 15–20 kg. The numerous subspecies survive on vegetation in grassland, steppe, wadis, mountain desert and in semidesert climates of Africa and Arabia. About 35,000–40,000 exist in the wild. The extinct Saudi gazelle from the Arabian Peninsula has been previously considered as a subspecies of the dorcas gazelle.
The Museo de Arte Español Enrique Larreta is a museum of Spanish art located in the Belgrano ward of Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Thomas Burrowes was a Captain with the Corps of Royal Sappers and Miners who served as both a surveyor and overseer during the construction of the Rideau Canal in Ontario, Canada. Burrowes is known, however, for having documented the construction of the canal and the landscape of the surrounding area in a series of watercolour paintings, thus creating an important eyewitness record of one of the most important engineering projects of 19th century Canada.
Ferenc Farkas de Kisbarnak was Chief Scout of the Hungarian Boy Scouts, commanding officer of the Royal Ludovica Military Academy, the country's officer training school, and General of the Hungarian VI Army Corps during World War II. He served under several political regimes including that of Charles IV King of Hungary, Regent Miklós Horthy, Prime Minister Pál Teleki, and Arrow Cross Party leader Ferenc Szálasi. His service through the end of the World War II resulted in controversies within Hungary that followed him until his death.
Steinach is a municipality in the district of Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.
Neurexin-1-alpha is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NRXN1 gene.
Jacob Howard Hannemann is an American professional baseball outfielder who is a free agent. He previously played for the Seattle Mariners. Prior to his professional career, he attended Brigham Young University and played college baseball for the BYU Cougars.
Mark Edison Saccomanno is a former professional baseball first baseman. At 17, Saccomanno was awarded the Klein Forest High School Golden Glove award. He was also selected to the 17-and-under AAU National All-Tournament Team. At 18, was named Second-Team All-District 16-5A as a shortstop and received the National Scholar Athlete Award. He played college baseball for Baylor University. He was selected in the 23rd round of the 2003 Major League Baseball draft by the Astros.
Admiral Sir Edward Belcher CB KCB was a British naval officer, hydrographer, and explorer. Born in Nova Scotia, he was the great-grandson of Governor Jonathan Belcher. He was briefly married to Diana Jolliffe, stepdaughter of Captain Peter Heywood, that marriage ending upon her application for legal separation for his having infected her with venereal disease.
Górzyska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.
Royston is a rural locality in the Somerset Region, Queensland, Australia. In the 2016 census, Royston had a population of 336 people.
Gary Eugene Rader was an American Army Reservist known for burning his draft card in protest of the Vietnam War, while wearing his U.S. Army Special Forces uniform. Afterward, he engaged in anti-war activism.
Okemah is the largest city in and the county seat of Okfuskee County, Oklahoma, United States. It is the birthplace of folk music legend Woody Guthrie. Thlopthlocco Tribal Town, a federally recognized Muscogee Indian tribe, is headquartered in Okemah. The population was 3,223 at the 2010 census, a 6.1 percent increase from 3,038 in 2000. In that census, about 26.6 percent of the residents identified themselves as Native American.
Gnetum is a genus of gymnosperms, the sole genus in the family Gnetaceae and order Gnetales. They are tropical evergreen trees, shrubs and lianas. Unlike other gymnosperms, they possess vessel elements in the xylem. Some species have been proposed to have been the first plants to be insect-pollinated as their fossils occur in association with extinct pollinating scorpionflies. Molecular phylogenies based on nuclear and plastid sequences from most of the species indicate hybridization among some of the Southeast Asian species. Fossil-calibrated molecular-clocks suggest that the Gnetum lineages now found in Africa, South America and Southeast Asia are the result of ancient long-distance dispersal across seawater.
Calvary Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church building at 300 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts. Built in 1919-23, the building is a near replica of Boston's Kings Chapel, executed in wood. Its tower is topped by a belfry designed by architect Charles Bulfinch in 1809 and built for use on Boylston Market; it was rescued from demolition and given to the church in 1921. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Winnebago is a village in Winnebago County, Illinois. It is part of the Rockford-Winnebago Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 3,101 at the 2010 census, up from 2,958 in 2000.
Raywick is a home rule-class city in Marion County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 144 at the 2000 census.
Gobiopterus is a genus of gobies native to fresh, marine and brackish waters of the coastal areas around the Indian and Pacific oceans.
Augusta is a city in Woodruff County, Arkansas, United States, located on the east bank of the White River. The population was 2,199 at the 2010 census. The city is the county seat of Woodruff County.
Sainte-Anne-des-Monts is a city in the Gaspésie–Îles-de-la-Madeleine region of the province of Quebec in Canada.
Space Launch Complex 1 was a launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, United States.
That Girl Montana is an extant 1921 American silent western film starring Blanche Sweet and distributed by Pathé Exchange. Jesse D. Hampton produced and Robert Thornby directed. The film is based on a 1901 novel, That Girl Montana, by Marah Ellis Ryan. This is one of Sweet's few 1920s silent films to survive and is available in the DVD format.
Pizarral is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016 the municipality has a population of 50 inhabitants.
Ipanica cornigera is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found from Queensland to Tasmania.
Les Billanges is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Buriram is a town in Thailand, capital of Buriram Province, about 410 km northeast of Bangkok. The town occupies tambon Nai Mueang of Mueang Buriram District. In 2012 it had a population of 27,862.
The Tanner Trail is a hiking trail located on the South Rim of the Grand Canyon National Park, located in the U.S. state of Arizona. The trailhead is located at Lipan Point, a prominent lookout located to the east of the Grand Canyon Village, and the trail ends at the Colorado River at Tanner Rapids.
The Nunamiut or Nunatamiut are semi-nomadic inland Iñupiat located in the northern and northwestern Alaskan interior, mostly around Anaktuvuk Pass, Alaska.
The Modern Cook was the first cookery book by the Anglo-Italian cook Charles Elmé Francatelli. It was first published in 1846. It was popular for half a century in the Victorian era, running through 29 London editions by 1896. It was also published in America.
Biekowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyanowice, within Racibórz County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the Czech border. It lies approximately 6 kilometres north-west of Krzyanowice, 6 km south of Racibórz, and 61 km south-west of the regional capital Katowice.
Shigeru Morikasa is a former professional Japanese baseball player. He played as an outfielder for the Hiroshima Toyo Carp.
Institution des Invalides de la Legion Etrangere is one of various detachments reserved exclusively for personnel having served in the French Foreign Legion and for the most part, is also serviced by veteran legionnaires. The detachment's main activity is focused on housing and caring for over a hundred veteran legionnaires, which include wounded legionnaires, retired legionnaires and the elder legionnaires. Amongst the detachment's various functions, the primary mission revolves around being exclusively dedicated, specially to comfort the senior wounded veterans of the Legion which are housed in this institution. The domain is 240 hectares situated on the slope of the Montagne Sainte-Victoire in the south of France on the commune of Puyloubier. The institute is dependent on the Foyer d'entreaide de la étrangère, a public administration established in 2014.
Lag da Pigniu is a reservoir above Pigniu in the Grisons, Switzerland. The 53 m gravity dam was completed in 1989. It is operated by Kraftwerke Ilanz AG.
Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Technology, Kottayam, India is a government engineering college owned and operated by the Government of Kerala.
The fulvous-vented euphonia is a species of bird in the family Fringillidae, formerly placed in the Thraupidae
History Park at Kelley Park in San Jose, California, USA is designed as an indoor/outdoor museum, arranged to appear as a small US town might have in the early 1900s. Since its inauguration in 1971, 32 historic buildings and other landmarks have either been moved from their original San Jose locations or are represented by replicas.
Dalby War Memorial and Gates is a heritage-listed memorial at Patrick Street, Dalby, Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. It was designed and built in 1922 by Harry Shill and British firms. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
Ralph Philander Ahn is a Korean American actor, known for Lawnmower Man 2: Beyond Cyberspace, Amityville: A New Generation and Panther. He is the son of Dosan Ahn Chang-ho, one of Korea's most respected patriotic figures and also a historical figure in America. His father's contributions to the Korean independence movement influenced Ahn's involvement in politics, World War II, and support for the Korean community of Los Angeles.
Kue cubit is a Southeast Asian snack, originating from Indonesia. It is common snack food served in many Indonesian cities. It is a cake, around 4 centimetres in diameter. The sellers of this snack usually operate near schools or traditional markets. Kue cubit uses flour, baking powder, sugar and milk as its primary ingredients. The liquid dough is poured into a steel plate with several small round basins so that it will form a round shape when cooked, and poured with meises on top of it. The sellers usually use a special hooked stick to take the cake off from the steel plate.
"Francis Patrick ""Frank"" Gilhooley Sr. was an outfielder in Major League Baseball, playing mostly as a right fielder from 1911 through 1919 for the St. Louis Cardinals, New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox. Listed at 5 ft 8 in, 155 lb., Gilhooley batted left-handed and threw right-handed."
Project Rio Blanco was an underground nuclear test that took place on May 17, 1973 in Rio Blanco County, Colorado, approximately 36 miles northwest of Rifle.
Saint Servatius was bishop of Tongeren —Latin: Atuatuca Tungrorum, the capital of the Tungri—. Servatius is patron saint of the city of Maastricht and the towns of Schijndel and Grimbergen. He is one of the Ice Saints. His feast day is May 13.
The Siege of Izmail was a military investment fought in 1790 on the Black Sea during the Russo-Turkish War. The Russians were led by Alexander Suvorov, who had defeated the Ottomans at Kinburn, Ochakov, and Focsani. The Black Sea flotilla was commanded by the Spanish admiral José de Ribas.
York Township is a township in York County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 27,793 at the 2010 census.
The Special Boat Service is the special forces unit of the United Kingdom's Royal Navy. The SBS can trace its origins back to the Second World War when the Army Special Boat Section was formed in 1940. After the Second World War, the Royal Navy formed special forces with several name changes—Special Boat Company was adopted in 1951 and re-designated as the Special Boat Squadron in 1974—until on 28 July 1987 when the unit was renamed as the Special Boat Service after assuming responsibility for maritime counter-terrorism. Most of the operations conducted by the SBS are highly classified, and are rarely commented on by the British government or the Ministry of Defence due to their sensitive nature.
1, 2, 3 Go! is a 1961-1962 American filmed children's television series hosted by Jack Lescoulie with Richard Thomas. The show also featured Richard Morse, only for the first episode as The Courier, and Joseph Warren, who portrayed Thomas Jefferson in the first episode.
Peter Barnes is a senior Washington correspondent for the Fox Business Network. He joined the network in October 2007. Barnes was previously a co-anchor for FBN's morning program, Money for Breakfast, from its debut on October 15, 2007 to May 9, 2008.
Cap-Santé is a town in the Canadian province of Quebec. It is the county seat of Portneuf Regional County Municipality and was as well the county seat of the designated Portneuf County.
The Youngest Toba eruption was a supervolcanic eruption that occurred around 75,000 years ago at the site of present-day Lake Toba in Sumatra, Indonesia. It is one of the Earth's largest known explosive eruptions. The Toba catastrophe theory holds that this event caused a global volcanic winter of six to ten years and possibly a 1,000-year-long cooling episode.
The Stefan Starzyski monument in Bank Square in Warsaw is one of two Warsaw monuments dedicated to the memory of the former President of Warsaw, Stefan Starzyski. It is the work of sculptor Andrzej Renes.
Avilly-Saint-Léonard is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Anneville-en-Saire is a commune in the Manche department of the Normandy region in northwestern France.
The Bank of America Center is an 18-story highrise building in Baltimore, Maryland at 100 South Charles Street.
Jennifer Lynn Connelly is an American actress who began her career as a child model. She appeared in magazine, newspaper and television advertising, before she made her film acting debut in the crime film Once Upon a Time in America. Connelly continued modeling and acting, starring in a number of films, including the horror film Phenomena, the musical fantasy film Labyrinth, the romantic comedy Career Opportunities, and the period superhero film The Rocketeer. She gained critical acclaim for her work in the science fiction film Dark City and for playing a drug addict in Darren Aronofsky's drama Requiem for a Dream.
Nenad Žugaj is a male wrestler from Croatia. He had started wrestling at the age of ten.
La Bourdinière-Saint-Loup is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.
Campelles is a village in the province of Girona and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain. The municipality covers an area of 18.6 square kilometres and the population in 2014 was 132.
Junction Triangle is a neighbourhood in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is located in the city's west end, just west of Lansdowne Avenue. The area is a triangle surrounded on all three sides by railway lines: the CNR/CPR mainline to the west, Metrolinx GO Transit Barrie line to the east, and the CPR east-west railway lines to the north. Bloor Street cuts across the middle of the neighbourhood, Dupont Street runs close to the northern edge, and Dundas Street is close to the southern boundary. By some accounts, the recent residential developments of Davenport Village and Foundry Lofts, built on former factory lands north of the CP Rail line, west of Lansdowne, south of Davenport and east of the GO Transit Bradford/Newmarket/Barrie line, also belong in this neighbourhood.
Fifth on the Floor was an American alternative country, southern rock band formed in Lexington, Kentucky in 2006, and consisted of Justin Wells, Jason Parsons, and Kevin Hogle.
Southwestern Indian Polytechnic Institute is a public community college in Albuquerque, New Mexico. It is federally operated by the Bureau of Indian Affairs and funded through the Bureau of Indian Education, an agency within the U. S. Department of the Interior. More than 120 different Indian Tribes are represented in SIPI's student body.
Jetsu Thermal Power Station is an LNG-fired thermal power station operated by JERA in the city of Jetsu, Niigata, Japan. The facility is located on reclaimed land on the Sea of Japan.
Kami-Kuwanagawa Station is a railway station in the city of Iiyama, Nagano Prefecture, Japan operated by the East Japan Railway Company.
Jebel Jais is a mountain of the North-Western Hajar range in the Musandam Governorate of Oman and also in Ras Al Khaimah, United Arab Emirates. The summit has an elevation of 1,934 m. The summit is located on the Omani side, but a high point west of this peak is considered the highest point in the United Arab Emirates, at 1,892 m above sea level, and with around 10m of prominence. Since the summit is on the Omani side, Jebel Al Mebrah, at 1,527 m, is the highest peak in the UAE, with significant prominence.
The Township of Durham is one of thirty-seven townships in Washington County, Arkansas, USA. As of the 2000 census, its total population was 839.
Vipera seoanei is a venomous viper species endemic to extreme southwestern France and the northern regions of Spain and Portugal. Two subspecies are currently recognized, including the nominate race described here.
Weedpatch is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Kern County, California, United States. Weedpatch is 10 miles south-southeast of Bakersfield. It is considered to be one of the poorest areas in Kern County. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 2,658.
Bernardino de Campos is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. The population is 11,157 in an area of 244.2 km². The elevation is 695 metres.
Eddy Hellebuyck is a Belgian-born American long-distance runner. He competed in the men's marathon at the 1996 Summer Olympics, representing Belgium and finishing in 67th place. By 2000, he had become a U.S. citizen and competed in the U.S. Olympic Trials that year, but did not make the team.
The Dr. A.O. Thomas House is a historic house in Kearney, Nebraska. It was built in 1906 for August O. Thomas, the founding president of the Keamey State Normal School, later known as the University of Nebraska at Kearney, from 1905 to 1914. It later belonged to Laura Elliott, followed by Harold W. Swan, and it was later acquired by the Kearney State College Alumni Association. It was designed in the Classical Revival style by architect George A. Berlinghof. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since February 28, 1980.
Chittagong Court Building is a historic court house in Chittagong, Bangladesh.
Ohní is a village and municipality in Teplice District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.
"Kartamyshevska Street is a street in the historical district of Moldavanka in Odessa, Ukraine. Residents of Odessa refer to the street as Kartamyshevskaya, omitting the word ""street"". It is in postal code 65091."
Washington Township is a township in Morris County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the township's population was 18,533, reflecting an increase of 941 from the 17,592 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 2,000 from the 15,592 counted in the 1990 Census.
Parle Tilak Vidyalaya Marathi Medium Secondary School is a school situated in Vile Parle, a suburb of Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. The school was founded in 1921 by the Parle Tilak Vidyalaya Association, and is the oldest of the schools run by the organisation.
Lady Denman is a former Sydney Harbour ferry built in 1912 for the Balmain New Ferry Company. She was later run by Sydney Ferries Limited and its government successors. She is now preserved at the Jervis Bay Maritime Museum near her original build site in Huskisson, New South Wales, Australia.
Roy Bunny Milton was an American R&B and jump blues singer, drummer and bandleader.
"Kirby Maurier is an American singer-songwriter and founder of The Miami Music Museum. On July 31, 2015, she released her independent debut album, Doing The Most, on Valholla Entertainment and was one of the highest selling independent R&B albums in the South Atlantic region in 2015. Her first single, ""You"" was released in 2010 which led to the release of her '90s inspired EP, ""Class of ’96"" in 2012 and 2013 single ""I’m Jus Sayin’"" produced by Jackpot. ""Iz U Wit It"", the first single from the album Doing The Most is a trap heavy song with a slight departure of her original R&B sound. On February 22, 2016, Kirby was announced as one of three winners of the fourth annual GRAMMY Amplifier program.
Ron Gilbert is an American video-game designer, programmer, and producer. His games are generally focused on interactive storytelling, and he is arguably best known for his work on several LucasArts adventure games, including Maniac Mansion and the first two Monkey Island games.
Goodwood railway station is the junction station for the Belair and Seaford/Tonsley lines. The Belair line diverges south-east towards Millswood, while the Seaford and Tonsley lines diverge south-west towards Clarence Park. The Glenelg tram line crosses over the railway lines at the south end of Goodwood station. The station services the Adelaide inner-southern suburb of Goodwood, and is 5.0 km from Adelaide station.
NGC 2277 is what appears to be an open cluster in the constellation Gemini. It was first observed on 20 April 1865 by the German astronomer Heinrich Louis d'Arrest. However, it is simply an asterism formed by several stars in the sky appearing close together.
The Rogue Regional Medical Center is a regional medical center run by Asante in Medford, Oregon, United States. It was founded in 1958, and currently has 378 beds. It is one of two hospitals in Medford, the other being Providence Medford Medical Center. The hospital serves nine counties in Southern Oregon, with patients coming from over 200 miles away.
"Bonalu is a Dravidian traditional Hindu festival centered on the Goddess Mahakali. This festival is celebrated annually in the Telangana twin cities of Hyderabad and Secunderabad, as well as in other parts of the state. It is celebrated in the month of Ashada Masam, which is around July and/or August. Special ""poojas"" are performed for Yellamma on the first and last day of the festival. The festival is also considered a thanksgiving to the Goddess for fulfillment of vows.
Hagnagora ephestris is a species of moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Colombia.
The Osteoglossomorpha are a group of bony fish in the Teleostei.
Vetulicola is an extinct genus of marine animal from the Cambrian of China. It is the eponymous member of the enigmatic phylum Vetulicolia, which is of uncertain affinities but may belong to the deuterostomes.
"Bryson Lashun Potts, better known as NLE Choppa, is an American rapper, singer, and songwriter. He rose to fame with his January 2019 single ""Shotta Flow"", which was certified platinum by the RIAA and peaked at number 36 on the Billboard Hot 100. The single was featured on his debut EP Cottonwood.
"The Korean Bell of Friendship is a massive bronze bell housed in a stone pavilion in Angel's Gate Park, in the San Pedro neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. Located at the corner of Gaffey and 37th Streets, the section of the park is alternatively called the ""Korean-American Peace Park"" and occupies part of the former Upper Reservation of Fort MacArthur.
Goodman's Buildings is a heritage-listed retail building at 2-12 Johnston Street, Annandale, Inner West Council, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
The first USS Jouett (DD-41) was a modified Paulding-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War I and later in the United States Coast Guard, designated as CG-13. She was named for Rear admiral James Edward Jouett.
Tibor Klampár is a male former international table tennis player from Hungary.
Valvata sibirica is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Valvatidae, the valve snails.
George Washington Getty was a career military officer in the United States Army, most noted for his role as a division commander in the Army of the Potomac during the final full year of the American Civil War.
Heather Anne Mills is an English former model, media personality, businesswoman and activist.
Lužany is a village in the Czech Republic.
Powers Lake is a city in Burke County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 280 at the 2010 census. Powers Lake was founded in 1909.
Andrea Barzagli Ufficiale OMRI is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a centre-back.
Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Melville Dill OBE was a prominent Bermudian lawyer, politician and soldier.
Albert Daniel Rechichar was an American football defensive back and kicker who played with the National Football League's Cleveland Browns, Baltimore Colts, and Pittsburgh Steelers from 1952 to 1960. He also played for the American Football League's New York Titans in 1961. While playing for the Colts in 1953, Rechichar kicked a 56-yard field goal, setting an NFL record that stood for 17 years as the longest. He was twice selected for the NFL Pro Bowl.
George Town is a neighbourhood in Chennai city, Tamil Nadu, India. It is near the Fort Saint George, Chennai. It is also known as Muthialpet and Parry's corner. It is an historical area of Chennai city from where its expansion began in the 1640s. It extends from the Bay of Bengal in the east to Park town on the west. The Fort St. George is on the south, to Royapuram in the North. The Fort St. George houses the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly and the Secretariat. The High court of Tamil Nadu at Chennai, Dr. Ambedkar Law College, Stanley Medical College and Hospital are located here.
The discography of James Blundell consists of twelve studio albums and two compilation albums. As of 2010, his albums have sold more than 400,000 copies.
The Koa Kannon refers to a statue of Kannon, the bodhisattva of compassion, located atop Mount Izu in Atami, Shizuoka Prefecture, as well as to the temple, formally a religious corporation called the Reihaizan Koa Kannon, which is dedicated to it. Koa Kannon is from the same lineage as the Hokke Shu Jin-Monryu, a breakaway sect of Nichiren Buddhism based in Sanjo in Niigata Prefecture, but it is not formally affiliated with them and is the only independent Buddhist temple in Japan with its own unique history and rites. The temple admits all worshipers regardless of their religion.
A unipolar neuron is a neuron in which only one process, called a neurite, extends from the cell body. The neurite then branches to form dendritic and axonal processes. Most neurons in the central nervous systems of invertebrates, including insects, are unipolar. The cell bodies of invertebrate unipolar neurons are often located around the edges of the neuropil, in the so-called cell-body rind.
William Jones, a seasoned veteran of the steam era who established the Wildcat Railroad in Los Gatos, California, was born the son of a teamster in the town of Ben Lomond, California, USA.
The Keroplatidae are a family of small flies known as fungus gnats. About 950 species are described, but the true number of species is undoubtedly much higher. They are generally forest dwellers found in the damp habitats favoured by their host fungi. They can also often be found in caves. Larvae both feed on fungi and are predatory - they can spin webs by secreting acid fluids, which they use to kill smaller invertebrates and capture spores. Some of the predatory larvae cannibalize pupa of their own species.
John 4 is the fourth chapter of the Gospel of John in the New Testament of the Christian Bible. The major part of this chapter recalls Jesus' interaction with the Samaritan woman at the well.
Yevgeni Viktorovich Nabokov is a Kazakhstani-Russian retired professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the San Jose Sharks, New York Islanders, and Tampa Bay Lightning of National Hockey League and for Torpedo Ust-Kamenogorsk, HC Dynamo Moscow, Metallurg Magnitogorsk and SKA Saint Petersburg of the Russian Super League and Kontinental Hockey League from 1991 to 2015. During his time with the Sharks, Nabokov who was selected 219th overall 1994 NHL Entry Draft by San Jose, was regarded as one of the top goaltenders in the NHL, winning the Calder Memorial Trophy as the best first-year player in 2001 and was voted a finalist for the Vezina Trophy as best goaltender in 2008. He departed the NHL for the first time in 2010 to play for SKA Saint Petersburg in Russia, but returned soon after, and concluded his career in the NHL. After retiring as a player Nabokov took up a role as a development coach for the Sharks, and in 2019 was named the goaltending coach for team.
Thibodaux is a city in and the parish seat of Lafourche Parish, Louisiana, United States, along the banks of Bayou Lafourche in the northwestern part of the parish. The population was 14,567 at the 2010 census. Thibodaux is a principal city of the Houma–Bayou Cane–Thibodaux Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The 2012 Pacific typhoon season was a fairly average but destructive season, though rather active since 2004. It produced 25 named storms, fourteen typhoons, and four intense typhoons. It was an event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation, in which tropical cyclones form in the western Pacific Ocean. The season ran throughout 2012, though most tropical cyclones typically develop between May and October. The season's first named storm, Pakhar, developed on March 28, while the season's last named storm, Wukong, dissipated on December 29. The season's first typhoon, Guchol, reached typhoon status on June 15, and became the first super typhoon of the year on June 17.
"The Pennsylvania Railroad's MP54 was a class of electric multiple unit railcars. The class was initially constructed as an unpowered, locomotive hauled coach for suburban operations, but were designed to be rebuilt into self-propelled units as electrification plans were realized. The first of these self-propelled cars were placed in service with the PRR subsidiary Long Island Rail Road with DC propulsion in 1908 and soon spread to the Philadelphia-based network of low frequency AC electrified suburban lines in 1915. Eventually the cars came to be used throughout the railroad's electrified network from Washington, DC to New York City and Harrisburg, PA. The ubiquitous cars became a commuting tradition during their long years of service in several major cities. and were known as ""red cars"" or ""red rattlers"". The cars ran in service with the PRR until the Penn Central merger in 1968 at which point they were already being marked for replacement by new technology railcars such as the Budd M1 and Pioneer III. After the bankruptcy of the Penn Central the remaining MP54s found themselves being operated by Conrail under contract with local commuter rail authorities."
"Mayo is a village in Yukon, Canada, along the Silver Trail and the Stewart River. The population at the 2016 census was 200, a decrease of 11.5% from the 2011 census. The Yukon Bureau of Statistics speaks of 496 residents as of 31 March 2019, in Mayo. It is also the home of the First Nation of Na-Cho Nyäk Dun, whose primary language is Northern Tutchone. Na-Cho Nyäk Dun translates into ""big river people.""
Wörth an der Donau is a town in the district of Regensburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the left bank of the Danube, 22 km east of Regensburg.
Mariño is a municipality of Sucre State, Venezuela. The capital is Irapa.
The Immigration Museum of the State of São Paulo is a museum of immigration in the Mooca neighbourhood in east São Paulo, Brazil. It is located in the Immigrant Inn building, which opened in 1887.
"Sudocrem is an over-the-counter medicated cream aimed primarily at the treatment of nappy rash. It contains a water-repellent base; protective and emollient agents; antibacterial and antifungal agents; and a weak anesthetic. As well as nappy rash, it can also be used to treat eczema, bedsores, acne, minor burns, surface wounds, sunburn and chilblains. It was manufactured by pharmaceutical company Forest Laboratories Europe up until July 2014 when the company was acquired by, and combined with, Actavis plc. On March 17, 2015, Actavis completed the acquisition of Allergan, creating a $23 billion diversified global pharmaceutical company. It is pronounced Soo-Doh-CREM, although in Ireland it is popularly pronounced Soo-Doh-CREEM. In Belgium, the product is sold under the brand ""Dermocrem"". The Netherlands was the first country Sudocrem was sold in outside Ireland and the UK."
Lithium acetate is a salt of lithium and acetic acid.
The Fête du Citron is a carnival event organized by the tourist office of the city of Menton, France, and held every year at the end of winter. It is also sometimes called Carnaval de Menton.
"The Indian wolf is a subspecies of grey wolf that ranges from Southwest Asia to the Indian Subcontinent. It is intermediate in size between the Himalayan wolf and the Arabian wolf, and lacks the former's luxuriant winter coat due to it living in warmer conditions. Within this subspecies, the ""Indian plains wolf"" is genetically basal to all other extant Canis lupus apart from the older-lineage Himalayan wolf, with both proposed as separate species. The Indian wolf travels in smaller packs and is less vocal than other variants of the grey wolf, and has a reputation for being cunning."
The Mississippi Arts and Entertainment Experience is a museum that opened April 28, 2018 in downtown Meridian, Mississippi, United States. The 50 million dollar museum highlights Mississippi artists and celebrates the contributions of arts and entertainment enterprisers in every artistic discipline. The museum opened during Mississippi’s bicentennial celebration. The institutions principal mission is education of the public by recognizing and honoring legendary artists and entertainers through interactive exhibits that visually, auditorily, and kinesthetically challenge, entertain, and inform visitors. The MAX housed in a contemporary, two-level structure contains 58,500 square feet of space. The facility was designed and planned by Meridian-based architectural firm, LPK Architects, P.A. with exhibit design by Gallagher & Associates.
Entre Ríos is a central province of Argentina, located in the Mesopotamia region. It borders the provinces of Buenos Aires, Corrientes and Santa Fe, and Uruguay in the east.
Paranemobius is a genus of cricket in the subfamily Nemobiinae; species can be found on the Indian subcontinent including Sri Lanka.
Thomas Hope Hospital is a health facility in Strand Street, Langholm, Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland. It is managed by NHS Dumfries and Galloway.
The Menara Kudus Mosque or Al-Aqsha Mosque is located in Kudus in the Indonesian province of Central Java. Dating from 1549, it is one of the oldest mosques in Indonesia, built at the time of Islam's spread through Java. The mosque preserves the tomb of Sunan Kudus, one of the nine Islamic saints of Java, and it is a popular pilgrimage point.
The recapture of Bahia was a Spanish-Portuguese military expedition in 1625 to retake the city of Salvador da Bahia in Brazil from the forces of the Dutch West India Company.
Melitaea didyma, the spotted fritillary or red-band fritillary, is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae.
The Engine Collection by the town Grenå on the peninsula Djursland in Denmark, at the entrance to The Baltic Sea holds Northern Europe's largest collection of stationary engines, with over 450 engines on exhibit, most of them restored and functioning.
Asociación Argentina Amigos de la Astronomía is an amateur astronomy civil association based on Buenos Aires, Argentina, with the aim of spreading astronomy. It was founded on January 4, 1929 and its field courses are held on related subjects, research in collaboration with professional bodies and printed publications or multimedia, and recreational activities for the general public. The main-belt asteroid 4756 Asaramas was named in honor of the observatory.
The Tour de Meria is a ruined Genoese tower in Corsica located in the commune of Meria on the east coast of Cap Corse.
Safune is a traditional village district on the central north coast of Savai'i island in Samoa. It lies within the electoral constituency of Gaga'ifomauga. Safune is the birthplace of Mau leader Olaf Frederick Nelson and the filming location of Moana, one of the first documentaries made in the world. The Mata o le Alelo pool associated with the Sina and the Eel Polynesian legend is also in Safune.
Al Tall was a Valencian folk music group from Valencia in Spain. It was formed in 1975 by Vicent Torrent, Manuel Miralles, and Miquel Gil. and was dissolved in October 2012.
Waco is a village in York County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 236 at the 2010 census.
Prosopocoilus savagei is a beetle of the Family Lucanidae.It is found in Uganda and Ethiopia, It measures about 24–65 mm in males and 21–31 mm in females.
The Tower Site is a prehistoric village site dating from 1000 to 1499 AD and is closely associated with the Monongahela culture. Located around 4 miles north-west of Barnesville, Ohio, United States, the site was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Alexey Vasilievich Tyranov was a Russian portrait and genre painter.
Sir Frederick Richard Allen KNZM OBE was a captain and coach of the All Blacks, New Zealand's national rugby union team. The All Blacks won all 14 of the test matches they played under his coaching.
The Ernest Hemingway Cottage, also known as Windemere, was the boyhood summer home of author Ernest Hemingway, on Walloon Lake in Michigan. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1968.
Osage County is a county in the central part of the U.S. state of Missouri. As of the 2010 census, the population was 13,878. Its county seat is Linn. The county was organized January 29, 1841, and named from the Osage River.
Lawrence Kushner is a Reform rabbi and the scholar-in-residence at Congregation Emanu-El in San Francisco, California.
Julia Charlotte Mengs was a German painter.
The South African Railways Class MH 2-6-6-2 of 1915 was a steam locomotive.
"Hikari is the name of a high-speed train service running on the Tokaido and San'y Shinkansen ""bullet train"" lines in Japan. Slower than the premier Nozomi but faster than the all-stations Kodama, the Hikari is the fastest train service on the Tokaido and Sanyo Shinkansen that can be used with the Japan Rail Pass."
Michael Armstrong is an English writer and director.
Max Veloso is a Swiss footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sheriff Tiraspol.
Chanjody is a small village in the Changanassery municipality in the Kottayam district, Kerala, India.
Carson is a census-designated place in Skamania County, Washington, United States. The population was 2,116 at the 2000 census.
Fort Ward is a former United States Army coastal artillery fort, and later, a Navy installation located on the southwest side of Bainbridge Island, Washington, along Rich Passage.
Daxiatitan is a genus of titanosaur sauropod dinosaur from the Lower Cretaceous of Lanzhou Basin, Gansu Province, northwestern China. It is known from fossils including several neck vertebrae, a shoulder blade, and a thigh bone.
"L'Olimpiade is an opera in the form of a dramma per musica in three acts by the Italian composer Giovanni Battista Pergolesi. Pergolesi took the text, with a few modifications, from the libretto of the same name by Pietro Metastasio. The opera first appeared during the Carnival season of 1735 at the Teatro Tordinona in Rome and ""came to be probably the most admired"" of the more than 50 musical settings of Metastasio’s drama.
The Central Pennsylvania Festival of the Arts is held each year in State College, Pennsylvania and on the campus of Pennsylvania State University. Penn State students commonly refer to the event as Arts Fest.
Åvik is a small seaport village in Lindesnes municipality in Vest-Agder county, Norway. The village is on the coast near the southernmost part of Norway, about 2 kilometres to the southeast of the village of Svenevig. Åvik sits on the mainland, about 300 metres north of the island of Svinør, and together, the harbours of Åvik and Svinør form one large harbour area. There are many old wooden houses in Åvik.
Patagonia is a town in Santa Cruz County, Arizona, United States. As of the 2010 census Patagonia had a population of 913. Patagonia developed in the mid-19th century as a trading and supply center for nearby mines and ranches. In the 21st century, it is a tourist destination, retirement community, and arts and crafts center.
Barisey-la-Côte is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeastern France.
Las Lomas District is one of ten districts of the province Piura in Peru.
Belgrade City Administration, was an administrative district of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia from 1929 to 1941. Its administrative center was Belgrade.
The 2019 Israel State Cup Final decided the winner of the 2018–19 Israel State Cup, the 83th season of Israel's main football cup. It was played on 15 May 2019 at the Sammy Ofer Stadium in Haifa, between Maccabi Netanya and Bnei Yehuda.
USS Tomahawk (AO-88) was an Escambia-class fleet oiler acquired by the United States Navy for use during World War II. She had the dangerous but necessary task of providing fuel to vessels in combat and non-combat areas primarily in the Pacific Ocean. For her valiant efforts, she received six battle stars during the war.
Kipini is an impact crater in the Oxia Palus quadrangle of Mars. It is located at
The Mare is a 29.5 km river in the Hérault department in southern France, which rises in the Caroux-Espinouse hills.
Saint Afra was martyred during the Diocletian persecution. Along with Saint Ulrich, she is a patron saint of Augsburg. Her feast day is August 5. Afra was dedicated to the service of the goddess, Venus, by her mother, Hilaria. Through his teachings, Bishop Narcissus converted Afra and her family to Christianity. When it was learned that Afra was a Christian, she was brought before Diocletian and ordered to sacrifice to the pagan gods. She refused, and was condemned to death by fire.
Shane Davis is an American comic book artist best known for his work on Superman and Batman for DC Comics.
East Lawn Cemetery and Sherman Burbank Memorial Chapel is a historic cemetery and chapel at 605 Main Street in Williamstown, Massachusetts. Established in 1842, it is the newest and largest cemetery in Williamstown; the two older cemeteries date to the 18th century. It was established at a time when West Lawn Cemetery was in need of expansion, and this site was chosen for the location of a new cemetery. The initial few acres of land were donated by Asahel Foote, who sat on the committee formed to investigate the town's cemetery needs. The cemetery grew in size over the next several decades, reaching a size of about 40 acres by the early 20th century. Approximately half of the cemetery and its associated chapel were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
Prince Frederick is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Calvert County, Maryland, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population of Prince Frederick was 2,538, up from 1,432 in 2000. It is the county seat of Calvert County.
NGC 6445, also known as the Little Gem Nebula or Box Nebula, is a planetary nebula in the constellation Sagittarius. It was discovered by William Herschel on May 28, 1786. The distance of NGC 6445 is estimated to be slightly more than 1,000 parsecs based on the parallax measured by Gaia, which was measured at 0.9740±0.3151 mas.
Barry Geraghty is a retired Irish jockey. He is the second most successful jockey of all time at the Cheltenham Festival.
Isle Madame is a Canadian island located off the southeastern corner of Cape Breton Island in Nova Scotia.
The Orenda PS.13 Iroquois was an advanced turbojet engine designed for military use. It was developed by the Canadian aircraft engine manufacturer Orenda Engines, a part of the Avro Canada group. Intended for the CF-105 Arrow interceptor, development was cancelled, along with the Arrow, in 1959.
Shaw PPV is a Canadian English and French language pay-per-view service owned by Shaw Pay-Per-View Limited, a division of Shaw Communications. Shaw PPV is carried by Shaw Direct, Shaw Cable, and some other providers, mainly in Western Canada.
Krum, often referred to as Krum the Fearsome was the Khan of Bulgaria from sometime between 796 and 803 until his death in 814. During his reign the Bulgarian territory doubled in size, spreading from the middle Danube to the Dnieper and from Odrin to the Tatra Mountains. His able and energetic rule brought law and order to Bulgaria and developed the rudiments of state organization.
"Wenonah Bond Logan, also Wenonah Bond, was an American scholar and sociologist. She attended Atlanta University, Boston University and the New York School of Social Work. It was in New York at the School of Social Work where in 1930 Bond Logan received a scholarship in conjunction with the National Urban League, to study abroad in Helsignor, Denmark at the International People's College and at Woodbrooke in Birmingham, England. Bond Logan is the grandmother of American poet and essayist Elizabeth Alexander who recited ""Praise Song for the Day"" at Barack Obama's 2009 Presidential Inauguration. Bond Logan is the source of inspiration for Alexander's chapter ""My Grandmother's Hair"" from her work Power and Possibility."
This is a list of Puerto Rican literary figures, including poets, novelists, short story authors, and playwrights. It includes people who were born in Puerto Rico, people who are of Puerto Rican ancestry, and many long-term residents and/or immigrants who have made Puerto Rico their home, and who are recognized for their literary work. New entries must be placed in alphabetical order and follow the formatting for the list.
The 10.5 cm Gebirgshaubitze 40 was a 10.5 cm German mountain howitzer used during World War II. A total of 420 were built during World War II. It saw action with German mountain divisions in Finland, Italy, France, on the Eastern Front and in the Balkans from 1942. It served with a number of European countries into the 1960s.
Osimo is a town and comune of the Marche region of Italy, in the province of Ancona. The municipality covers a hilly area located approximately 15 kilometres south of the port city of Ancona and the Adriatic Sea. As of 2015, Osimo had a total population of 35,037.
Depil is a village in the Faroe Islands.
Balashikha is a city in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located on the Pekhorka River 1 kilometer east of the Moscow Ring Road. Population: 215,494; 147,909; 135,841; 92,400.
Étampes is a commune in the metropolitan area of Paris, France. It is located 48.1 km south-southwest from the center of Paris. Étampes is a sub-prefecture of the Essonne department.
The R327 road is a regional road in Ireland connecting the N60 east of Claremorris, County Mayo, to the R360 in County Galway.
Nihonhimea is a genus of spiders in the family Theridiidae. It was first described in 2016 by Yoshida. As of 2017, it contains 4 species.
Gusty Bausch is a Luxembourgian male cyclo-cross cyclist. He represented his nation in the men's elite event at the 2016 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships in Heusden-Zolder.
A Boy's Will is a poetry collection by Robert Frost, and is the poet's first commercially published book of poems. The book was first published in 1913 by David Nutt in London, with a dedication to Frost's wife, Elinor. Its first American edition would come two years later, in 1915, through Henry Holt and Company.
Anna Eva Lydia Catherine Wing, MBE was an English actress. She is best known for playing Lou Beale on British television soap opera EastEnders.
"Sadako Sasaki was a Japanese girl who became a victim of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima when she was two years old. Though severely irradiated, she survived for another ten years, becoming one of the most widely known hibakusha – a Japanese term meaning ""bomb-affected person"". She is remembered through the story of the one thousand origami cranes she folded before her death, and is to this day a symbol of the innocent victims of nuclear warfare."
The Crow are Native Americans. In the past, they lived in the Yellowstone River valley, which is in Wyoming, Montana, and North Dakota. Today, they are federally recognized as the Crow Tribe of Montana.
Ravinia is a station on Metra's Union Pacific/North Line. The station is located at 510 Roger Williams Avenue in Highland Park, Illinois. In Metra's zone-based fare structure, Ravinia is located in zone E. Ravinia is 21.5 miles away from Ogilvie Transportation Center in downtown Chicago, the inbound terminus of the line.
The Aviation Brigade is the air warfare and air defense force of the Army of the Republic of North Macedonia.
The St. Joseph's Church and Parochial School in Hays, Kansas is a historic church and school at 210 W. 13th and 217 W. 13th. They were added to the National Register in 2008.
The International Bagpipe Museum is located in Gijón, Asturias, Spain. The museum was founded in 1965, and moved to its current location, integrated in the Museum of the Asturian People, in 1975.
Edwin Maria Katzenellenbogen was an American eugenicist and physician in the concentration camp of Buchenwald. Of Polish-Jewish extraction, he had become a naturalized U.S. citizen and worked as a eugenicist for the Carnegie Institution. In the 1930s he was in Germany, and ended up in Buchenwald where he collaborated with the Nazis as a doctor. He became known for his cruelty especially towards French communists. In the Buchenwald Camp Trial he was sentenced to lifetime imprisonment.
The Honda Elite is a series of scooters manufactured by Honda since 1983. Honda currently makes the 108 cc 2010 Elite.
The Powder Magazine from Camp Drum is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument located in the Wilmington section of Los Angeles, California, near the Port of Los Angeles. Built in 1862, the Powder Magazine is a 20-by-20-foot brick and stone structure that was used to store gunpowder during the Civil War. It was originally part of Camp Drum, a facility built upon the outbreak of the American Civil War to address concerns about the loyalty and security of the Los Angeles area. Many of the area's residents were recent arrivals from the Southern states, and southerner John C. Breckinridge received twice as many local votes as Abraham Lincoln in the 1860 Presidential election. Phineas Banning, the founder of Wilmington, wrote to President Lincoln advising that the Union would lose California unless some provision was made to quell pro-Confederacy sentiment. Camp Drum was built between 1862 and 1863 and was the home base for the California Column, commanded by Colonel James Henry Carleton. Between 2,000 and 7,000 soldiers were stationed at Camp Drum, and Wilmington became a thriving community with a population greater than Los Angeles during the war.
Toronto Civic Railways was a streetcar operator created and owned by the City of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, to serve newly annexed areas of the city that the private operator Toronto Railway Company refused to serve. When the Toronto Railway Company's franchise expired in 1921, its services were combined with those of the Toronto Civic Railways, and are now assumed by the new Toronto Transportation Commission. The first route of the TCR started operation on December 18, 1912.
"Babar Ali is a teacher from Murshidabad in West Bengal. He was called the ""youngest headmaster in the world"" by BBC in October 2009, at the age of sixteen.
Since November 2015, the United States and allies have carried out a large series of both airstrikes and drone strikes to assist Libya in its revived conflict in support of the Tripoli-based Government of National Accord against the ISIL presence in the region.
Strzegom is a town in widnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It is the seat of the Gmina Strzegom administrative district. It lies approximately 15 kilometres north-west of widnica, and 52 kilometres west of the regional capital Wrocaw.
Alexandre-Antonin Taché, O.M.I., was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest, missionary of the Oblate order, author and the first Archbishop of Saint Boniface in Manitoba, Canada.
"A lithium-ion battery or Li-ion battery is a type of rechargeable battery. Lithium-ion batteries are commonly used for portable electronics and electric vehicles and are growing in popularity for military and aerospace applications. A prototype Li-ion battery was developed by Akira Yoshino in 1985, based on earlier research by John Goodenough, M. Stanley Whittingham, Rachid Yazami and Koichi Mizushima during the 1970s–1980s, and then a commercial Li-ion battery was developed by a Sony and Asahi Kasei team led by Yoshio Nishi in 1991. In 2019, The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was given to Yoshino, Goodenough, and Whittingham ""for the development of lithium ion batteries""
Suchonice is a village and municipality in Olomouc District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.
The Northwest Iberian montane forests is a Mediterranean forests, woodlands, and scrub ecoregion in southwestern Europe. It lies in the northwestern Iberian Peninsula, includes inland mountains, foothills, and plateaus in northwestern Spain and northeastern Portugal.
Cicutoxin is a naturally-occurring poisonous chemical compound produced by several plants from the family Apiaceae including water hemlock and water dropwort. The compound contains polyene, polyyne, and alcohol functional groups and is a structural isomer of oenanthotoxin, also found in water dropwort. Both of these belong to the C-polyacetylenes chemical class.
Hugues Renson is a French politician of La République En Marche! who has been serving as Vice President of the National Assembly of France since 28 June 2017.
The Smith & Wesson Model 500 is a five-shot, double/single action large-caliber revolver produced by Smith & Wesson, firing the .500 S&W Magnum cartridge.
Justas Paleckis was a Lithuanian journalist and politician. He was nominal acting president of Lithuania after the Soviet invasion while Lithuania was still ostensibly independent, in office from 17 June to 3 August 1940. He then remained as the nominal head of state of the Lithuanian SSR until 1967.
"Eliot Hall is a historic building at 7A Eliot Street in Jamaica Plain, Massachusetts, a neighborhood of Boston. It is sometimes referred to as ""The Footlight Club,"" after ""America's oldest community theatre,"" which owns and operates out of the building.
Bratislava-Petržalka railway station is a station in Petržalka, the southern part of Bratislava. The station was rebuilt in the 1990s as a terminus for international trains to and from Vienna, which restarted in 1999 after having stopped in 1945. Shuttle trains between the station and Wien Hauptbahnhof station operate approximately once per hour.
Steve Chainel is a French racing cyclist for French amateur team Chazal–Canyon. Chainel has previously competed for the Auber 93, Bbox Bouygues Telecom FDJ, Ag2r–La Mondiale and Cofidis professional teams.
Moravský Písek is a village and municipality in Hodonín District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
Arugisa is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae.
"Louis Rubenstein was a Canadian figure skater, sportsman and politician. Rubenstein is considered the ""Father of Canadian Figure Skating."" After retirement from skating in 1892, Rubenstein became involved in the sports of bowling, curling, and cycling. He was elected president of the Canadian Bowling Association in 1895, president of the International Skating Union of America in 1909. He was alderman in St. Louis ward in Montreal from 1916 until 1931."
"Moushumi Bhowmik is an Indian Bengali singer and songwriter. Her songs are usually considered to belong to the ""modern"" song type. Her albums, including ""Ekhono golpo lekho"" and ""Ami ghor bahir kori"" enjoy great popularity in Bengali-speaking areas of India and Bangladesh."
The Mosul Museum is the second largest museum in Iraq after the National Museum of Iraq in Baghdad. It was heavily looted during the 2003 Iraq War.
The Mazda RX-8 Hydrogen RE is a 2003 bi-fuel version of the RX-8 sports car, in which the twin-rotor wankel rotary engine is configured to run on either hydrogen or gasoline. This is the fifth Mazda vehicle to be fitted with a hydrogen wankel rotary engine.
"Warren Lodge No. 32 is a historic Masonic lodge located in Shultzville New York. The Lodge was named for Revolutionary War hero Joseph Warren. Warren Lodge No. 32, then located in Millerton was chartered June 10, 1807 by DeWitt Clinton, Grand Master of Masons in New York. The lodge met in several locations, but in 1864 is settled in Schultzville, where Theodore Schultz had left it land and $2,000 to build a lodge hall. The lodge has the distinction of being the New York's only Full Moon Lodge, setting its monthly meeting date as the ""Thursdays before every full moon"", rather than on a set calendar day. In 2007, the lodge celebrated its bicentennial."
Velenov is a village and municipality in Blansko District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
Cross Roads is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,563 at the 2010 census.
Tom McCarthy is an American sports broadcaster. He is the play-by-play announcer for Philadelphia Phillies television broadcasts and also calls National Football League games for Westwood One. He calls select NBA, NFL and College Basketball games on CBS beginning in 2014 after filling in for Sam Rosen. McCarthy previously served as the play-by-play voice of Saint Joseph's University men's and women's basketball teams.
Public School 71K is a historic school building located in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, New York City. It was built in 1888-1889 to designs by James W. Naughton. It is a symmetrical three story, brick building with stone trim in the Second Empire style. It features a tall central tower with a high mansard roof and original iron cresting.
Centerville is a borough in Washington County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 3,263 at the 2010 census.
Niijima is a village located in shima Subprefecture, Tokyo Metropolis, Japan. As of 1 June 2016, the village had an estimated population of 2,697, and a population density of 97.9 persons per km². Its total area is 27.54 square kilometres.
Tinea versicolor is a condition characterized by a skin eruption on the trunk and proximal extremities. The majority of tinea versicolor is caused by the fungus Malassezia globosa, although Malassezia furfur is responsible for a small number of cases. These yeasts are normally found on the human skin and become troublesome only under certain circumstances, such as a warm and humid environment, although the exact conditions that cause initiation of the disease process are poorly understood.
Basudev Than or Narua Satra is a satra located in Dhakuakhana, Lakhimpur, Assam. It was first established in the 14th century by the Chutia king Satyanarayan. Originally known as Laumura Satra, this satra is well known in Assam and other parts of India.
Paris is a city in and the county seat of Henry County, Tennessee, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 10,156.
The Globe Theatre was a theatre in London associated with William Shakespeare. It was built in 1599 by Shakespeare's playing company, the Lord Chamberlain's Men, on land owned by Thomas Brend and inherited by his son, Nicholas Brend and grandson Sir Matthew Brend, and was destroyed by fire on 29 June 1613. A second Globe Theatre was built on the same site by June 1614 and closed by an Ordinance issued on 6 September 1642.
Takao Kawaguchi is a retired judoka who competed in the -63 kg division.
Nakpanduri is a village in Bunkpurugu-Yunyoo district, a district in the Northern Region of north Ghana adjacent to the border with Togo.
Hohenwarthe is a village and a former municipality in the Jerichower Land district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the municipality Möser.
The Lawa is a river of South America. It forms part of the international boundary between Suriname and French Guiana. It is formed by the confluence of the Litani and Malani. Downstream from its confluence with the Tapanahony, it is called Maroni. The total length of Litani, Lawa and Maroni is 612 km.
The Daxing Line of the Beijing Subway is a rapid transit line that connects the southern Daxing District of the city with the subway network. It extends Line 4 south from its southern terminus at Gongyixiqiao, on the 4th Ring Road in Fengtai District, to Tian'gongyuan, beyond the 6th Ring Road in Daxing District. The Daxing Line is about 21.76 km in length with 18 km underground. Daxing line contains 12 stations and is about 21.76 km. Initially, the Daxing line was planned to have 4 ground stations. However, due to lack of space, only Xihongmen was built above the surface. Full-scale construction began in 2007 and the line was opened on 30 December 2010, 14:00 local time.
Michel Abreu Martinez is a Cuban professional baseball player. A first baseman, he is a member of the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters of Nippon Professional Baseball. Abreu began his professional career in the Cuban National Series, and then played in minor league baseball after he defected from Cuba.
"Edith Mansell-Moullin was an English suffragist of Welsh heritage and social activist. Proud of her Welsh roots, she founded the Cymric Suffrage Union, which was dedicated to gaining women's suffrage for Welsh women. She was the co-organizer of the Welsh contingent of the 1911 procession of the Women’s Suffrage Union’s ""Great Demonstration"" held in 1911 in London. Part of the more militant British suffrage contingent, she was imprisoned for dissidence and refused to stop government agitation during World War I."
The Hulda Klager Lilac Gardens are nonprofit botanical gardens specializing in lilacs, located at 115 South Pekin Road, Woodland, Washington. The gardens are open 10:00am–4:00pm daily; a $3.00 admission fee is charged.
Bütgenbach is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège. On January 1, 2006, Bütgenbach had a total population of 5,574. The total area is 97.31 km² which gives a population density of 57 inhabitants per km². As part of the German-speaking Community of Belgium, the official language in this municipality is German.
This is a list of lists, grouped by type of astronomical object.
Sagra femorata is a species of beetle belonging to the family Chrysomelidae.
Breakfast Creek Hotel is a heritage-listed hotel at 2 Kingsford Smith Drive, Albion, City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It was designed by Simkin & Ibler and built in 1889 to 1890 by Thomas Woollam & William Norman. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
Susan Wong is a Hong Kong easy listening and smooth jazz singer, known for her alto vocals.
Cicely Mary Barker was an English illustrator best known for a series of fantasy illustrations depicting fairies and flowers. Barker's art education began in girlhood with correspondence courses and instruction at the Croydon School of Art. Her earliest professional work included greeting cards and juvenile magazine illustrations, and her first book, Flower Fairies of the Spring, was published in 1923. Similar books were published in the following decades.
Alfred O. Adams was an American politician in the state of Washington. He served in the Washington House of Representatives from 1953 to 1969 for District 6.
Stevan Stojanovi, known as Stevan Mokranjac was a Serbian composer and music educator. Born in Negotin in 1856, Mokranjac studied music in Belgrade, Munich, Rome and Leipzig while in his twenties. Later, he became the conductor of the Belgrade Choir Society and founder of the Serbian School of Music and the first Serbian string quartet, in which he played the cello. He left Belgrade at the beginning of World War I and moved to Skopje, where he died on 28 September 1914.
Taeniodonta is an extinct early group of cimolestid mammals known from the Palaeocene to the Eocene. Taeniodonts evolved quickly into highly specialized digging animals, and varied greatly in size, from rat-sized to species as large as a bear. Later species developed prominent front teeth and huge claws for digging and rooting. Some genera, like Stylinodon, had ever-growing teeth.
Thomas Michael Dean is an American musician who is the bassist for heavy metal band Corrosion of Conformity.
Atrypanius is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Gascoigne Road is a main road in Kowloon, Hong Kong, going west-east from Nathan Road to Chatham Road South through the head of King's Park, leading vehicles from West Kowloon to the Cross-Harbour Tunnel.
Pudahuel is a commune of Chile located in Santiago Province, Santiago Metropolitan Region. Santiago's international airport Comodoro Arturo Merino Benítez is located there.
LMMS is a digital audio workstation application program. When LMMS is executed on a computer with appropriate hardware, it allows music to be produced by arranging samples, synthesizing sounds, playing on a MIDI keyboard, and combining the features of trackers and sequencers. It supports the Linux Audio Developer's Simple Plugin API, LV2 and Virtual Studio Technology plug-ins. It is free software, written in Qt and released under the GNU General Public License, version 2.
Spectacle Island is an island in the Parramatta River and Sydney Harbour, in Sydney, Australia. It lies in the main channel of the western section of the harbour, upstream of the Harbour Bridge, adjacent to the Sydney suburb of Drummoyne.
Kruger National Park Commando was a light infantry regiment of the South African Army. It formed part of the South African Army Infantry Formation as well as the South African Territorial Reserve.
The Hawker Hind was a British light bomber of the inter-war years produced by Hawker Aircraft for the Royal Air Force. It was developed from the Hawker Hart day bomber introduced in 1931.
Prizren is a city and municipality located in the district of the same name in Kosovo. According to the 2011 census, the city of Prizren has 85,119 inhabitants, while the municipality has 177,781 inhabitants. Prizren is located on the banks of the Bistrica river and on the slopes of the Šar Mountains in southern Kosovo. The municipality has a border with Albania and North Macedonia. By road the city is 99 kilometres northwest of Skopje, 85 kilometres south of Pristina and 175 kilometres northeast of Tirana.
Shakhriyar Mamedyarov is an Azerbaijani chess grandmaster. As of November 2019, he is ranked as No. 1 in Azerbaijan and No. 5 in the world. His personal best rating of 2820 makes him the sixth-highest-rated player of all time in chess history.
The Halls Mill Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Hopewell Township in Bedford County, Pennsylvania. It is a 91-foot-long, Burr Truss bridge with a medium pitched gable roof, constructed in 1872. It crosses Yellow Creek. It is one of 15 historic covered bridges in Bedford County.
North Common Meadow is a 25-acre open space preserve in the town of Petersham, Massachusetts. The property, part of a larger, contiguous area of protected open space including Harvard Forest and The Trustees of Reservations' Brooks Woodland Preserve, is maintained as grassland in keeping with the town's rural character.
Dharmapuri is one of the 38 districts of Tamil Nadu, in India. It is the first district created in Tamil Nadu after the independence of India by splitting it from then-Salem district on 2 October 1965. The other major towns in the district are Harur, Palacode, Karimangalam, Nallampalli, Pennagaram and Pappireddipatti. Dharmapuri District is one of the major producers of mango in the state, fine quality granite is found in the district. It is also one of the main sericulture belts in the state. Around 30 percent of the district's area is under forest cover. Kaveri enters Tamil Nadu through this district.
Thomas Biddle was an American military hero during the War of 1812. Biddle is better known though for having been killed in a duel with Missouri Congressman Spencer Pettis.
Sandy Lake First Nation is an independent Oji-Cree First Nations band government. The First Nations community, in the west part of Northern Ontario, is located in the Kenora District, 227 km northeast of Red Lake, Ontario. Its registered population in June 2007 was 2,474. As of December 2015 the total registered population reached 3,034. Sandy Lake First Nation maintains an affiliation with Nishnawbe Aski Nation, as a signatory to the Treaty 5.
Evergreen Hamlet is a historic district in Ross Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, USA. It was a planned community that was founded by William Shinn in 1851. Joseph W. Kerr designed all four of the Evergreen Hamlet houses. The community was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 17, 1974.
Shirakawa is a city located in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan. As of 1 April 2020, the city had an estimated population of 59,393 in 23,546 households and a population density of 190 persons per km². The total area of the city was 305.3 square kilometres.
The Francis Scott Key Bridge, also known originally as the Outer Harbor Crossing or simply as the Key Bridge or Beltway Bridge, is a steel arch-shaped continuous through truss bridge spanning the lower Patapsco River and outer Baltimore Harbor / Port in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. The main span of 1,200 feet is the third longest span of any continuous truss in the world. It is also the longest bridge in the Baltimore metropolitan area.
Monte di Procida a small comune in the Metropolitan City of Naples in the Italian region of Campania, located about 15 kilometres west of Naples, facing the island of Procida. Monte di Procida includes the small island of San Martino, which was occupied by the Germans during World War II. Its territory is included in the Campi Flegrei Regional Park.
The Rogozen Treasure, called the find of the century, is a Thracian treasure.
Edward Ellsworth Annis is a Canadian professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Teddy Hart. He currently wrestles on the independent circuit. He wrestled on a National scale for Major League Wrestling as the leader of The Hart Foundation, where he was the longest reigning MLW World Middleweight Champion and also held the MLW World Tag Team Championship. He has also wrestled for AAA, the short-lived Wrestling Society X, Jersey All Pro Wrestling, and Dragon Gate USA. He operates a wrestling school in Edmonton. He is the son of Georgia Hart of the Hart family and wrestler B.J. Annis. Hart achieved an early degree of fame when he became the youngest wrestler to be signed to the World Wrestling Federation. His subsequent release and controversial actions while wrestling on the independent circuit have earned him a measure of infamy. Outside of the ring, Annis has been a mentor to several young wrestlers and has been a trainer at wrestling schools. Among his trainees are Jack Evans, Pete Wilson and his younger cousin Matt Hart. Annis is also a cat lover and breeder of Persian cats which he has used sometimes in storylines and brought with him to matches.
Washington Park is a village in St. Clair County, Illinois, United States. The population was 4,196 as of the 2010 census, down from 5,345 in 2000.
Barjouville is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in north-central France.
Patrice Lauzon is a Canadian ice dancing coach and former competitor. With partner and wife Marie-France Dubreuil, he is a two-time World silver medalist.
The Noelle Nashville Hotel is a historic Art Deco hotel in Nashville, Tennessee, USA. originally opened in 1929 as the Noel Hotel
Montvale is a New Jersey Transit rail station on the Pascack Valley Line. The station is in Montvale, New Jersey and is located at the intersection of Kinderkamack Road and Grand Avenue.
Gabrielle Anwar is an English-American actress known for her roles as Sam Black in the second series of Press Gang, Margaret Tudor on The Tudors, Fiona Glenanne on Burn Notice, Lady Tremaine in the seventh season of Once Upon a Time, and for dancing the tango with Al Pacino in Scent of a Woman.
Mirza Jawan Bakht was the son of Emperor Bahadur Shah II, also called Zafar, and Zinat Mahal. He was the fifteenth son of his father and the only son of his mother. His mother nursed the ambition of placing him on the Mughal throne.
Madonna of the Streets is a 1930 American Pre-Code drama film directed by John S. Robertson and starring Evelyn Brent. The film is a sound remake of the 1924 silent film Madonna of the Streets starring Alla Nazimova. A copy of the film is preserved in the Library of Congress collection.
Daichi Kamada is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bundesliga club Eintracht Frankfurt and the Japan national team.
The Montalbán Municipality is one of the 14 municipalities that makes up the Venezuelan state of Carabobo and, according to the 2011 census by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela, the municipality has a population of 24,908. The town of Montalbán is the shire town of the Montalbán Municipality.
The LG Watch Urbane is a smartwatch released by LG Corporation on April 27, 2015. There are gold and silver models, each with a 22mm-wide interchangeable strap. The watch has IP67 dust and water resistance.
The Morna River is a river of Western India. It is one of the chief tributaries of Purna River and empties in it at Andura Village in Akola District, Maharashtra.
Mezhdurechensk is a city in Kemerovo Oblast, Russia. Population: 101,678; 101,987; 107,014.
The Sir John Robinson Almshouses are a collection of twelve two-bedroom cottages erected in 1899 on Mansfield Road, Daybrook, Arnold, Nottingham.
David Charles Jones was a United States Air Force general and the ninth Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. In this capacity, General Jones served as the highest ranking uniformed officer of the United States military forces. Prior to serving as Chairman of The Joint Chiefs of Staff, Jones served as the ninth Chief of Staff of The United States Air Force and fifteenth Commander of The United States Air Force in Europe.
The purple-collared woodstar is a species of hummingbird found in Ecuador and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, and heavily degraded former forest. It is the only species of the genus Myrtis.
Atlanta is an unincorporated community in the U.S. state of Michigan, along the 45th parallel. It is a census-designated place for statistical purposes and does not have any legal status as an incorporated municipality. The population was 757 at the 2000 census. It is the county seat of Montmorency County.
The Biates are one of the oldest tribes of Assam, Mizoram, Manipur and Meghalaya. Their language belongs to the Tibeto-Burman family. Spread over many parts of North-East India, they have a unique identity with a rich and distinctive history, culture, dialect and religious heritages. They are also one of the oldest hill tribes of North East India especially among the Chin-Kuki-Mizo family. The term Biate comes from the word Bia-te. The word ‘Bia’ or ‘Biak’ means ‘speak’ or ‘worship’. ‘Te’ is a suffix denoting plurality. Hence, the two words combine to form the word Biate, which means worshipper.
The Guanare prison riot, also known as the Guanare massacre, occurred in the Los Llanos prison in Guanare, Portuguesa state, Venezuela, on 1 May 2020. The events caused around 47 deaths, and 75 people were injured.
Flavius Leo II was briefly the Byzantine emperor in 474 AD when he was a child aged 7. He was the son of Zeno, the Isaurian general and future emperor, and Ariadne, the daughter of Emperor Leo I. Leo II was made co-emperor with his grandfather Leo I on 18 November 473, and became sole emperor on 18 January 474 after Leo I died of dysentery. His father Zeno was made co-emperor by the Byzantine Senate on 9 February and they co-ruled for a short time before Leo II died on 10 November 474.
Celebrities Nightclub, or simply Celebrities, is a gay bar and nightclub in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. The club opened in 1978, and underwent a $1 million renovation in 2013.
An EMD GP49 is a 4-axle road switcher diesel locomotive built by General Motors Electro-Motive Division. Power was provided by an EMD 645F3B 12-cylinder engine which generated 2,800 horsepower. The GP49 was marketed as one of four models in the 50 series introduced in 1979. The 50 series includes GP/SD49 and GP/SD50. Both the GP and SD50 was relatively popular with a total of 278 GP50s and 427 SD50s built. The SD49 was advertised but never built and a total of 9 GP49s were built.
The Top of New York is a lost 1922 American silent drama film directed by William Desmond Taylor and written by George James Hopkins, Julia Crawford Ivers and Sonya Levien. The film stars May McAvoy, Walter McGrail, Pat Moore, Edward Cecil, Charles Bennett, and Mary Jane Irving. The film was released on June 18, 1922, by Paramount Pictures, four months after director Taylor's murder, and was the last one he completed.
The shekere is a West African percussion instrument consisting of a dried gourd with beads or cowries woven into a net covering the gourd. The instrument is common in West African and Latin American folkloric traditions as well as some of the popular music styles. In performance it is shaken and/or hit against the hands.
Issac is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
The Hotel Virginia was built in 1925. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000. It is also designated by the city of Santa Barbara as a local historical landmark. The building is located on the southern side of West Haley Street, 17 W. Haley Street, in the southeastern part of the historical center of Santa Barbara, California.
Skomarje is a settlement in the Pohorje Hills northwest of Zree in northeastern Slovenia. The area was traditionally part of Styria. It is now included with the rest of the Municipality of Zree in the Savinja Statistical Region.
Lužice is a village and municipality in Hodonín District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
Parkgate and Rawmarsh railway station, originally named Rawmarsh was situated in Parkgate, adjacent to the Park Gate Iron and Steel Company's works. It served the communities of Parkgate and Rawmarsh, in South Yorkshire, England.
Miloš Zukanovi is a Serbian football forward who plays for Mava Šabac.
The United States Air Force Academy, Cadet Area is a portion of the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Its use of modern architecture stands in contrast with the very traditional designs of West Point and the United States Naval Academy. It was designated a National Historic Landmark District in 2004 for its landscape, architecture, and historic importance as a military academy.
The Fender 1000 is a model of pedal steel guitar manufactured by Fender in the 1950s and 1960s.
The Cambuurstadion is a football stadium in the east side of the city of Leeuwarden, Netherlands. It is used for the home matches of SC Cambuur. The stadium is able to hold 10,500 people and it opened on 12 September 1936. The club has proposed plans for a new stadium on the west side of the city, which will cost €35 million.
The Lacto-rpoB RNA motif is a conserved RNA structure identified by bioinformatics. It has been detected only in lactic acid bacteria, and is always located in the presumed 5' untranslated regions of rpoB genes. These genes encode a subunit of RNA polymerase, and it is hypothesized that Lacto-rpoB RNA participate in the regulation of these genes.
BNS Anushandhan is a survey vessel of the Bangladesh Navy. She previously served with the Royal Navy as the coastal survey vessel HMS Roebuck from 3 October 1986 to 15 April 2010. She was the last traditional survey ship to serve in the Royal Navy. In 2010, she was sold to the Bangladesh Navy. She was handed over to the Bangladesh Navy on 28 May 2010. On 1 June 2010 she sailed for Bangladesh. She is the first dedicated hydrographic survey ship to serve with Bangladesh Navy.
SS King Orry (II) No. 45479 – the second vessel in the company's history to bear the name – was an iron paddle-steamer operated by the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company.
Alag-Erdene is a sum of Khövsgöl aimag. The area is about 4,500 km², of which 1,460 km² are forest, and 2,760 km² are pasture. In 2005, the sum had 2992 inhabitants, including some Darkhad, Khotogoid, and Uriankhai. The center, officially named Mankhan is situated close to the road from Mörön to Khatgal, 62 km north of Mörön and 733 kilometers from Ulaanbaatar.
Royal Air Force Woodhall Spa or more simply RAF Woodhall Spa is a former Royal Air Force station located 2 miles north of Coningsby, Lincolnshire and 16 miles southeast of Lincoln, Lincolnshire, England.
Carlos Palomino is a retired Mexican professional boxer. Palomino is a former World Welterweight Champion and member of the International Boxing Hall of Fame. Palomino is also an actor who has been featured in several television shows and films. He achieved a considerable amount of fame during the 1970s, especially among Mexican and Southern California fans.
Spring Mill is a home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 287 at the 2010 census, down from 380 at the 2000 census.
Charles Guernier was a French politician. He was deputy for Ille-et-Vilaine from 1906 to 1924 and from 1928 to 1942. He was Minister of Posts, Telegraphs, and Telephones from 1931 to 1932, and Minister of Public Works and the Merchant Marine in 1932.
Long County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. The county seat is Ludowici. Long County is part of the Hinesville-Fort Stewart Metropolitan Statistical Area. The constitutional amendment to create the county was proposed August 14, 1920, and ratified November 2, 1920. The county is named after Crawford Long, American surgeon and pharmacist, first to use diethyl ether as an anaesthetic.
Willem van Heythuysen posing with a sword is a painting by the Dutch Golden Age painter Frans Hals, painted in 1625 and now in the Alte Pinakothek, Munich. It shows the Haarlem cloth merchant Willem van Heythuysen in a theatrical pose with a rapier.
Gare de Saint-Exupéry TGV is a railway station near Lyon, France, directly attached to Lyon–Saint-Exupéry Airport. The station was built as an addition to the airport to serve TGV trains on the LGV Rhône-Alpes, part of the main line running from Paris Gare de Lyon to Marseille Saint-Charles. It is situated about 20 km east of Lyon city centre.
The Caledonian Railway 264 and 611 classes were 0-4-0 saddle tank locomotives designed by Dugald Drummond and built by Neilson and Company in 1885. Later examples were built at St. Rollox railway works under the direction of John F. McIntosh in 1895, 1900, 1902 and 1908.
Andersonville is an unincorporated community in Anderson County, Tennessee. Beginning with the 2010 census, it is treated as a census-designated place. The CDP had a population of 472 in 2010.
Euan Hillhouse Methven Cox was a Scottish plant collector, botanist, and horticulturist, who accompanied Reginald Farrer on his last botanical expedition to Burma and its border with China, from 1919 to 1920. He was a very successful propagator of rhododendrons and had an extensive collection in his garden at Glendoick, Perthshire, Scotland, which formed the basis of his commercial nursery, later run by his son, Peter A Cox, and grandson, Kenneth N.E. Cox.
Tyler's Ground was a cricket ground in Loughborough, Leicestershire. It is believed the ground was located along Allsop's Lane on the edge of the town, with the ground being described as located a short distance from Loughborough railway station. The first recorded match played at the ground was in 1856, when Loughborough played an All-England Eleven. A single first-class match was played at the ground in 1875, when the North played the South, with W. G. Grace taking nine wickets in the North's first-innings and William Mycroft taking six wickets in the South's first-innings. Grace then took five wickets in the North's second-innings, ending with match figures of 14/108, while Mycroft took eight wickets in the South's second-innings to finish with match figures of 14/38. No batsman passed 26 runs, with the highest innings score being 130 in the North's second-innings. The match ended in a victory by 125 runs for the North. No further matches are recorded as being played at the ground following this date and its location is today agricultural fields.
"The National Museum of Nuclear Science & History is a national repository of nuclear science information chartered by the 102nd United States Congress under Public Law 102-190, and located in Albuquerque, New Mexico. ""The mission of the National Atomic Museum is to serve as America's resource for nuclear history and science. The Museum presents exhibits and quality educational programs that convey the diversity of individuals and events that shape the historical and technical context of the nuclear age."""
The Tower of Miomu is a Genoese tower located in the commune of Santa-Maria-di-Lota on the east coast of the Corsica. The tower sits on the shore about 6 km north of the port of Bastia.
Wan Kam Leung is a Chinese martial artist and qigong practitioner who developed and currently teaches Practical Wing Chun in Kowloon, Hong Kong. Wan studied Wing Chun kung fu under Wong Shun Leung
Markens gate is the main pedestrian street in Kristiansand, Norway. It is located in the west of the borough Kvadraturen and the length of the entire street is 1 kilometer, while the pedestrian part is 550 meters and another 160 meters with Otterdalsparken. The streets goes from Slottet Mall in the north and is a pedestrian street all the way down to Dronningens gate, it's only crossed by traffic from Tordenskjolds gate, Kristian IVs gate and Henrik Wergelands gate before Dronningens gate. The pedestrian parts stretches over 7 quarters. Compared to other Norwegian cities, Markens street is one of the most walked streets in the country.
Thomasville Regional Airport is a city-owned, public-use airport located six nautical miles northeast of the central business district of Thomasville, a city in Thomas County, Georgia, United States. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a general aviation facility. The airport does not have scheduled commercial airline service.
"The Symphony No. 5 in C minor of Ludwig van Beethoven, Op. 67, was written between 1804 and 1808. It is one of the best-known compositions in classical music and one of the most frequently played symphonies, and it is widely considered one of the cornerstones of western music. First performed in Vienna's Theater an der Wien in 1808, the work achieved its prodigious reputation soon afterward. E. T. A. Hoffmann described the symphony as ""one of the most important works of the time"". As is typical of symphonies during the transition between the Classical and Romantic eras, Beethoven's Fifth Symphony is in four movements.
South Boulevard–Park Row Historic District is located in the southern part of Dallas, Texas.
"Marine Aerial Refueler Transport Training Squadron 253 was based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina, and responsible for providing the Fleet Marine Force active-duty and reserve KC-130 squadrons with qualified replacement pilots and enlisted aircrew. Known as the ""Titans"", VMGRT-253 was a subordinate unit of Marine Aircraft Group 14, 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing."
Balingian is a town in Sarawak, Malaysia. It lies approximately 286.1 kilometres east-north-east of the state capital Kuching.
Dommartin-sous-Hans is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
The Mark 54 Lightweight Torpedo is a standard 12.75 inch anti-submarine warfare torpedo used by the United States Navy.
"Treponem Pal is a French industrial metal band formed in 1986 in Paris. The current line-up of the band consists of Marco Neves, Polak, Didier Bréard, Mathys Dubois and Syn-Anton; the band went through multiple line-up changes with Neves being the only constant member. The band is named after treponema pallidum, the bacterium that causes syphilis. The band's music was described as a mixture of ""aggressive metal and a hint of industrial"" similar to Godflesh and The Young Gods."
HMCS Gaspé was a Fundy-class minesweeper that served in the Royal Canadian Navy from 1938 to 1945. She saw service during the Second World War as part of the local defence of Halifax, Nova Scotia. She was named for Gaspé Bay in Quebec. Following the war the ship was sold for mercantile use, becoming the tugboat Sung Li. The ship's registry was deleted in 1993.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Burgos is one of Spain's Latin Metropolitan sees.
Dinalupihan, officially the Municipality of Dinalupihan, is a 1st class municipality in the province of Bataan, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 106,371 people.
Sher-Gil is a crater on Mercury. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 2016, after the Indian painter.
Rhaetian Railway in the Albula / Bernina Landscapes is a World Heritage Site comprising the Albula Railway and the Bernina Railway. The best known trains operating on this site are the Glacier Express and the Bernina Express.
Florida is a currently uninhabited village in Monroe County, Missouri, United States. It is located at the intersection of Missouri Route 107 and State Route U on the shores of Mark Twain Lake. The population was 200, per the census data in the 1911 Cram's World Atlas. The population was however down to nine residents according to the 2000 United States Census, and following the 2010 Census, the village was reported as uninhabited. The Mark Twain Birthplace State Historic Site is located in Florida, with Mark Twain State Park nearby.
Winooski is a city in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States. Located on the Winooski River, as of the 2010 U.S. Census the municipal population was 7,267. The city is the most densely populated municipality in northern New England, an area comprising the states of Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont. It is the smallest in area of Vermont's nine incorporated cities. As part of the Burlington, Vermont metropolitan area, it is bordered by Burlington, Colchester and South Burlington.
"The Star Sailors League is the global inshore sailing circuit launched by Olympic athletes in 2012. Supported by the greatest sailing stars like Loïck Peyron and Dennis Conner, the SSL is recognized as ""special event"" by World Sailing since 2017. Its main philosophy considers the athletes as the ""Stars"" and its goals are:
Lorentzweiler is a commune in Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Mersch.
The Western Heritage Center is a regional museum located in the Historic District in downtown Billings, Montana. This museum used to be the Parmly Billings Memorial Library. Built in 1901, the library turned museum houses a collection of artifacts about the history of the Yellowstone River Valley.
Montrécourt is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Milo is a city in Warren County, Iowa, United States. The population was 775 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Des Moines–West Des Moines Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Shepparton is a city located on the floodplain of the Goulburn River in northern Victoria, Australia, approximately 181 kilometres north-northeast of Melbourne. As at June 2018 the estimated population of Shepparton, including the adjacent town of Mooroopna, was 51,631.
The Sacri Monti of Piedmont and Lombardy are a series of nine calvaries or groups of chapels and other architectural features created in northern Italy during the late sixteenth century and the seventeenth century. They are dedicated to various aspects of the Christian faith and are considered of great beauty by virtue of the skill with which they have been integrated into the surrounding natural landscape of hills, forests and lakes. They also house important artistic material in the form of wall paintings and statuary. In 2003, they were named as a World Heritage Site.
Jandrei Chitolina Carniel, simply known as Jandrei, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Athletico Paranaense, on loan from Genoa.
Vitrolles is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.
Meera Syal CBE FRSL is an English comedian, writer, playwright, singer, journalist, producer and actress. She rose to prominence as one of the team that created Goodness Gracious Me and portraying Sanjeev's grandmother, Ummi, in The Kumars at No. 42. She became one of the UK's best-known Asian personalities.
Melkbosstrand is a coastal town located on the South West Coast of South Africa, 30 km north of Cape Town. It forms part of the City of Cape Town Metropolitan Municipality, the municipality governing Cape Town and its greater metropolitan area.
The denticulate ligaments are triangular shaped ligaments that anchor the spinal cord along its length, at each side, to the dura mater. The bases of the ligaments arise in the pia mater and they are firmly attached to the arachnoid mater and dura mater at the apex. They have 21 attachments per side. Named for their tooth-like appearance, the denticulate ligaments are traditionally believed to provide stability for the spinal cord against motion within the vertebral column.
Alexander Francis St Vincent Baring, 6th Baron Ashburton KG KCVO KStJ DL, was a British businessman and politician.
Olivia Juliet Bridget Chance, is an association footballer who plays as a midfielder for English FA WSL club Bristol City and has represented New Zealand at international level. She formerly played for Breiðablik of the Icelandic Úrvalsdeild and Everton.
Içana River is a tributary of the Rio Negro in South America. The river arises in the Guaviare Department of Colombia, where it is known as the Isana. It flows east and forms a short part of the international boundary between Colombia and Brazil. In Amazonas state, where it is known as the Içana, it flows southeast and into the Rio Negro at São Joaquim, Amazonas.
Michel Menu, was a French engineer and author. A major figure of Catholic Scouting, he was the Deputy Chief Commissioner, National Scout Commissioner of Scouts de France, and launched the Raider-Scouts scheme in 1948.
The Maltese Falcon is a 1930 detective novel by American writer Dashiell Hammett, originally serialized in the magazine Black Mask beginning with the September 1929 issue. The story is told entirely in external third-person narrative; there is no description whatever of any character's thoughts or feelings, only what they say and do, and how they look. The novel has been adapted several times for the cinema.
Tramain is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Hiendelaencina is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census, the municipality has a population of 131 inhabitants.
Monte Santo is an isolated mountain and a mesa in northern Sardinia, Italy, in the province of Sassari, in the region of Logudoro. It has an elevation of 733 metres.
Paulding County is a county located in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2010 census, the population was about 19,614. Its county seat is Paulding. The county was created in 1820 and later organized in 1839. It is named for John Paulding, one of the captors of Major John André in the American Revolutionary War.
Théo Vimpère is a French racing cyclist, who last rode for French amateur team Pro Immo Nicolas Roux.
Loreto International Airport is an international airport located in the city of Loreto, in Loreto Municipality of Baja California Sur state, northwestern Mexico.
The Alamo is a 1960 American historical-western epic movie about the 1836 Battle of the Alamo. It was produced and directed by John Wayne. The movie starred Wayne as Davy Crockett. The picture also stars Richard Widmark as Jim Bowie. The movie was filmed on location in Texas and released by United Artists. The long 3 hour and 12 minute movie was not historically accurate.
Strendur is a village on the Faroese island of Eysturoy, located along the Skálafjørður fjord. It is the seat and main settlement of the Sjóvar Municipality.
Ntsaouéni is a village on the island of Grande Comore in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the village had a population of 2620.
"Acheulean, from the French acheuléen after the type site of Saint-Acheul, is an archaeological industry of stone tool manufacture characterized by distinctive oval and pear-shaped ""hand-axes"" associated with Homo erectus and derived species such as Homo heidelbergensis.
Bystice pod Lopeníkem is a village and municipality in Uherské Hradišt District in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic.
Caryocaraceae is a small family of flowering plants consisting of two genera with 26 species. The family is native to tropical regions of Central and South America, as well as the West Indies.
The Old Woman Mountains are located south of the town of Essex, California, and north of Danby Dry Lake. The range reaches an elevation of 5,325 feet at the west end, and lies in San Bernardino County in the Mojave Desert.
Kim Clijsters is a Belgian retired tennis player. She used to be ranked as the World No. 1. On 22 August 2011 she was ranked third in the world.
"Edmund Gurney was an English psychologist and parapsychologist. At the time the term for research of paranormal activities was ""psychical research""."
Qazi Muhammad Isa [1] was a leader of the All India Muslim League party in British India and later a senior governmental official in Pakistan.
The St. Martin of Tours Cathedral also called Mukacheve Cathedral is the name given to a religious building affiliated with the Catholic Church which is located in the city of Mukacheve in the west part of European country of Ukraine.
Litchfield is an unincorporated community in central Litchfield Township, Medina County, Ohio, United States. It is situated at the junction of State Routes 83 and 18, about nine miles northwest of the city of Medina.
Cserkút is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
"Paul Hartmut Würdig, better known as Sido, is a German rapper. He interprets his artist name as ""super-intelligentes Drogenopfer"". It used to stand for ""Scheiße in dein Ohr"", a line from his track Terroarr. Sido is currently signed to Urban/Universal Music Group.
Jacobsen's catalyst is the common name for N, N'-bis-1,2-cyclohexanediaminomanganese(III) chloride, a coordination compound of manganese and a salen-type ligand. It is used as an asymmetric catalyst in the Jacobsen epoxidation, which is renowned for its ability to enantioselectively transform prochiral alkenes into epoxides. Before its development, catalysts for the asymmetric epoxidation of alkenes required the substrate to have a directing functional group, such as an alcohol as seen in the Sharpless epoxidation. This compound has two enantiomers, which give the appropriate epoxide product from the alkene starting material.
Lake Manapouri is located in the South Island of New Zealand. The lake is situated within the Fiordland National Park and the wider region of Te Wahipounamu South West New Zealand World Heritage Area.
Ryan Cullen is an Irish racing driver, who recently drove in the GP3 Series in 2014 for Marussia Manor Racing. He also drove in British Formula Ford Championship in 2012. He currently competes in the European Le Mans Series with DragonSpeed.
Nordhouse is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Si Phili is a rapper from Luton, England, known for being a solo artist as well as part of the former UK hip hop group Phi Life Cypher, which split in 2012.
Dazaifu is a city located in Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan, part of the greater Fukuoka metropolitan area. Nearby cities include noj and Chikushino. Although mostly mountainous, it does have arable land used for paddy fields and market gardening.
Istres is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the south of France. About 45,000 people live there.
Sir George Walton was an officer in the Royal Navy during the late 17th and early 18th centuries, eventually rising to the rank of Admiral.
Jonathan Santiago is a French footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Monona is a city in Clayton County, Iowa, United States. The population was 1,549 at the 2010 census.
The Northwest Russian-Novaya Zemlya tundra ecoregion is an ecoregion on the north coast of European Russia. It covers the southern shores of the White Sea, the coast of the Barents Sea east to the Yamal Peninsula, the southern half of Novaya Zemlya, and numerous inlets and islands. The low tundra wetlands are important breeding grounds for waterfowl. The ecoregion is in the [[Palearctic realm, and the tundra biome. It has an area of 284,122 square kilometres.
Corcos is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census, the municipality has a population of 258 inhabitants.
William Collier Jr. was an American stage performer, producer, and a film actor who in the silent and sound eras was cast in no less than 89 motion pictures.
William Congreve was an English playwright and poet of the Restoration period. He is known for his clever, satirical dialogue and influence on the comedy of manners style of that period. He was also a minor political figure in the British Whig Party.
Lucmau is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
St. Stephen's Church, located at 401 Hanover Street at the corner of Clark Street in the North End of Boston, Massachusetts, was built in 1802-04 as the New North Church or New North Meeting House, and was designed by the noted architect Charles Bulfinch. It is the only one of the five churches Bulfinch designed in Boston to remain extant. The church replaced one which had been built on the site in 1714 and enlarged in 1730. The Congregationalist church became Unitarian in 1813, and the church was sold to the Roman Catholic Diocese in 1862, and renamed St. Stephen's. It was restored and renovated in 1964-65 by Chester F. Wright, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
The British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own) is a Primary Reserve armoured reconnaissance regiment of the Canadian Army; the regiment is subordinate to 39 Canadian Brigade Group of the 3rd Canadian Division. Established in 1883, it is the oldest military unit in Vancouver, British Columbia. It parades at the Beatty Street Drill Hall at the corner of Dunsmuir and Beatty in downtown Vancouver. The regiment has been variously designated as garrison artillery, rifles, infantry, and armoured, but has been reconnaissance since 1965. It has received 41 battle honours in its history, and has been a unit of the Royal Canadian Armoured Corps since 1942.
Morelos is a station on the Mexico City Metro. It is located
The Alaska Peninsula National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge in southwestern Alaska whose use is regulated as an ecological-protection measure. It stretches along the southern coast of the Alaska Peninsula, between the Becharof National Wildlife Refuge on its east and the end of the peninsula at False Pass in the west. In between, however, it is broken into sections by lands of the Aniakchak National Monument and Izembek National Wildlife Refuge. The refuge is administered from offices in King Salmon, Alaska and was established to conserve Alaska Peninsula brown bears, caribou, moose, marine mammals, shorebirds, other migratory birds and fish, and to comply with treaty obligations.
The Sayre Area School District is a small, rural public school district located in northcentral Bradford County, Pennsylvania. The district serves two noncontiguous fragments: the Boroughs of Sayre and South Waverly and Litchfield Township in Bradford County, Pennsylvania. Sayre Area School District encompasses approximately 58 square miles. According to 2000 federal census data, it serves a resident population of 5,813 people. By 2010, the district's population increased to 7,938 people. The educational attainment levels for the Sayre Area School District population were 87.3% high school graduates and 21.4% college graduates. Sayre Area School District is one of the 500 public school districts of Pennsylvania
HMS Calypso (D61) was a C class cruiser of the Caledon sub-class of the Royal Navy, launched in 1917 and sunk in 1940 by the Italian submarine Alpino Attilio Bagnolini.
Maria Luís Albuquerque is a Portuguese politician. She served as Minister of State and Finance between 2013 and 2015.
Razès is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Andricus Pieter van der Westhuizen is a South African politician who has served as a Member of the Western Cape Provincial Parliament since May 2019. He served as a Member of the National Assembly of South Africa from May 2009 until May 2019. Van der Westhuizen is a member of the Democratic Alliance.
Alexander Vindex Vennard, or 'Bowie', was an Australian writer known by several pen names, principally Bill Bowyang. The name bowyang referred to a piece of cord strapped below the knee of a wearer's trousers. He wrote of swagmen, bushmen, horsemen, and the digger. Vennard also collected and preserved bush ballads.
The planalto foliage-gleaner, also known as the russet-mantled foliage-gleaner, is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Brazil and Paraguay. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
Arthur Ira Garfunkel is an American singer, poet, and actor. He is best known for his partnership with Paul Simon in the folk rock duo Simon & Garfunkel.
Phyllostachys viridiglaucescens is a species of bamboo found in Fujian, Jiangsu, Jiangxi, Zhejiang provinces of China.
Beardsley is a city in Big Stone County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 233 at the 2010 census.
Rehoboth Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Westover, Maryland in Somerset County near the Pocomoke River and Chesapeake Bay.
Pamir, a four-masted barque, was one of the famous Flying P-Liner sailing ships of the German shipping company F. Laeisz. She was the last commercial sailing ship to round Cape Horn, in 1949. By 1957, she had been outmoded by modern bulk carriers and could not operate at a profit. Her shipping consortium's inability to finance much-needed repairs or to recruit sufficient sail-trained officers caused severe technical difficulties. On 21 September 1957, she was caught in Hurricane Carrie and sank off the Azores, with only six survivors rescued after an extensive search.
The 2018 United States Senate elections were held on November 6, 2018. 33 of the 100 seats were contested in regular elections while two others were contested in special elections due to Senate vacancies in Minnesota and Mississippi. The winners were elected to six-year terms running from January 3, 2019, to January 3, 2025. Senate Democrats had 26 seats up for election while Senate Republicans had nine seats up for election.
"Portage Lakes is a census-designated place in Summit County, Ohio, United States. The population was 9,870 at the 2000 census. The city of Green is adjacent to the southeast and Akron on the north. The nearby Portage Lakes of the area include but are not limited to Turkeyfoot Lake, Nimisila Reservoir, Mud Lake, and Long Lake. The lakes are connected by a series of ""channels"". There is a Portage Lakes State Park with boat launching ramps and seasonal beach swimming.
"George David ""Zambo"" Zamka is an American NASA astronaut and United States Marine Corps pilot with over 3500 flight hours in more than 30 different aircraft. Zamka piloted the Space Shuttle Discovery in its October 2007 mission to the International Space Station and served as the commander of mission STS-130 in February 2010."
Bern District was an administrative district in the canton of Bern, Switzerland. It had an area of 233 km² and a population of 237,919.
Sweetwater County is a county in southwestern Wyoming, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 43,806. Its county seat is Green River. By area, it is the largest county in Wyoming. Its southern boundary line abuts the north lines of the states of Colorado and Utah.
"We Are the Fallen was an American gothic metal band consisting of former American Idol contestant Carly Smithson, Marty O'Brien and former Evanescence members Ben Moody, John LeCompt and Rocky Gray. The band's name is an allusion to Evanescence's 2003 album Fallen. In a Los Angeles Times interview, co-founder of Evanescence, Ben Moody, said that We Are the Fallen differs from Evanescence in that ""everyone is equal"" and that it has ""more energy than Evanescence could ever muster"". He also stated, ""We cannot try to be who we are. If there is some similarity in sound, it's because that genre was created by us."""
Cameron Leslie MNZM is a New Zealand paralympics swimmer and wheelchair rugby player.
Cass County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2010 census, the population was 13,956. Its county seat is Atlantic. It was named to honor Lewis Cass, who was the 1848 Democratic nominee for President.
The Raid of the Ghetto of Rome took place on 16 October 1943. A total of 1,259 people, mainly members of the Jewish community–numbering 363 men, 689 women, and 207 children–were detained by the Gestapo. Of these detainees, 1,023 were identified as Jews and deported to the Auschwitz concentration camp. Of these deportees, only fifteen men and one woman survived.
The Naval Aircraft Factory was established by the United States Navy in 1918 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was created to help solve aircraft supply issues which faced the Navy Department upon the entry of the U.S. into World War I. The US Army’s requirements for an enormous quantity of airplanes created a decided lack of interest among aircraft manufacturers in the Navy's requirements for a comparatively small quantity of aircraft. The Navy Department concluded that it was necessary to build a Navy-owned aircraft factory in order to assure a part of its aircraft supply; to obtain cost data for the department’s guidance in its dealings with private manufacturers; and to have under its own control a factory capable of producing experimental designs.
The M23 RNA motif is a conserved RNA structure that was discovered by bioinformatics.
Teresa Landucci Bandettini was an Italian dancer, composer of extemporaneous verse, and poet, who is remembered as the Figurante Poetesca.
The Montreal East Refinery was an oil refinery located in Montreal East and formerly Shell Canada's largest refinery. In October 2010, refinery operations permanently ceased and the facility was subsequently converted into a storage terminal.
Dardan Dreshaj is a Norwegian football striker who plays for Flekkerøy IL.
The Iarnród Éireann / Northern Ireland Railways 201 Class locomotives are the newest and most powerful diesel locomotives operating in Ireland and were built between 1994 and 1995 by General Motors. They are model type JT42HCW, fitted with an EMD 12-710G3B engine of 3,200 hp, weigh 108.862 tonnes and have a maximum speed of 164 km/h. A freight version, the EMD Series 66, with the same engine, is used on privately operated European mainline freight duties.
The George Gordon Meade Memorial, also known as the Meade Memorial or Major General George Gordon Meade, is a public artwork in Washington, D.C. honoring George Meade, a career military officer from Pennsylvania who is best known for defeating General Robert E. Lee at the Battle of Gettysburg. The monument is sited on the 300 block of Pennsylvania Avenue NW in front of the E. Barrett Prettyman United States Courthouse. It was originally located at Union Square, but was removed and placed in storage for fourteen years before being installed at its current location. The statue was sculpted by Charles Grafly, an educator and founder of the National Sculpture Society, and was a gift from the state of Pennsylvania. Prominent attendees at the dedication ceremony in 1927 included President Calvin Coolidge, Governor John Stuchell Fisher, Secretary of the Treasury Andrew W. Mellon, and Senator Simeon D. Fess.
The Emerald Mound Site, also known as the Selsertown site, is a Plaquemine culture Mississippian period archaeological site located on the Natchez Trace Parkway near Stanton, Mississippi, United States. The site dates from the period between 1200 and 1730 CE. It is the type site for the Emerald Phase of the Natchez Bluffs Plaquemine culture chronology and was still in use by the later historic Natchez people for their main ceremonial center. The platform mound is the second-largest Pre-Columbian earthwork in the country, after Monk's Mound at Cahokia, Illinois.
"Santa Fe is the capital of the U.S. state of New Mexico. It is the fourth-largest city in the state. It is the seat of Santa Fe County. Santa Fe had a population of 67,947 in the 2010 census. It is the principal city of the Santa Fe, New Mexico Metropolitan Statistical Area which encompasses all of Santa Fe County and is part of the larger Santa Fe-Española Combined Statistical Area. The city's full name when founded was ""La Villa Real de la Santa Fé de San Francisco de Asís"".
Fort Sherman was located in the United States at Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. General William T. Sherman had recommended the site in north Idaho after an inspection tour in 1877. It began as a camp the next year, became Fort Coeur d'Alene in 1879, and the adjacent city grew. Sherman later visited the fort and it was named for him in 1887, three years after his retirement from the U.S. Army. The fort became unoccupied during the Spanish–American War and was abandoned shortly after. The site is now the campus of North Idaho College.
The 2013 Pacific typhoon season was the most active Pacific typhoon season since 2004, and the deadliest since 1975. It featured one of the most powerful storms in recorded history. It was an above-average season with 31 named storms, 13 typhoons, and five super typhoons. The season's first named storm, Sonamu, developed on January 4 while the season's last named storm, Podul, dissipated on November 15. Most of the first seventeen named storms before mid-September were relatively weak, as only two of them reached typhoon intensity. Total damage amounted to at least $25.95 billion, making it the third costliest Pacific typhoon season on record; behind 2018 and 2019.
Jotunheimen is a mountainous area of roughly 3,500 km² in southern Norway and is part of the long range known as the Scandinavian Mountains. The 29 highest mountains in Norway are all in Jotunheimen, including the very highest – Galdhøpiggen. Jotunheimen straddles the border between the counties of Innlandet and Vestland.
Jason Naidovski is an Australian footballer who plays for Gladesville Hornsby Football Association Spirit FC.
Martti Nõmme is an Estonian ski jumper. He was born in Võru.
Port Victoria Maritime Museum is a maritime museum in the Australian state of South Australia located on the west coast of Yorke Peninsula in Port Victoria. It is housed in the original general cargo shed which was brought out from England in kit form in 1877 and was erected at the landward end of the jetty. The jetty took only seven months to build and was completed in January 1878. Household goods for the early settlers in the town and surrounding farmlands were brought by steamers from Port Adelaide and stored in the cargo shed until the settlers’ homes were completed.
Murrayville is a village in Morgan County, Illinois, United States. The population was 587 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Jacksonville Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Typhoon Helen was the most destructive tropical cyclone to strike Japan during the 1972 Pacific typhoon season. Originating from a tropical disturbance on September 11 near the Northern Mariana Islands, Helen gradually intensified as it moved northwestward. By September 14, it reached typhoon strength and soon turned northeast towards Japan. Accelerating due to a trough over the East China Sea, Helen rapidly approached the country and made landfall near Cape Kushimoto as a Category 3 equivalent typhoon on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale. Later that day, a weakened Helen emerged into the Sea of Japan. After merging with an upper-level low, the storm transitioned into an extratropical cyclone on September 19 and was last noted two days later after moving through southern Hokkaido.
Nicholas David Coleridge CBE is chairman of the Victoria and Albert Museum, chairman of the Prince of Wales' Campaign for Wool and chairman of the Gilbert Trust for the Arts. He is an ambassador for the Landmark Trust and a patron of the Elephant Family.
Lazarevac is a municipality of the city of Belgrade. As of 2011, the town has a total population of 25,526 inhabitants, while the municipal area has a total of 58,622 inhabitants.
Newcraighall railway station is a railway station serving the Newcraighall area of Edinburgh in Scotland. It lies on the Borders Railway. The station is a popular as a Park & Ride or Parkway Station for the Scottish Borders and Midlothian. The station was originally a terminus for Edinburgh Crossrail services when it opened in June 2002, but in 2015 the route was extended beyond Newcraighall towards Tweedbank, as part of the revival of the Waverley Route. Though the Waverley Route never had a station at this location during its lifetime, one did exist briefly at nearby Niddrie - this was opened in 1847 by the Edinburgh and Dalkeith Railway, closed in October 1860 and then reopened again four years later prior to its final demise in January 1869.
Lázn Touše is a spa market town in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 1,400 inhabitants. It lies on the confluence of Elbe and Jizera rivers.
Plooysburg is a small town about 70 km west of Kimberley, Northern Cape, South Africa. It is situated close to the Riet River. With a church, school, police station and shop it serves a local farming and farm-worker community. Nearby is the rock art site of Driekops Eiland, and the Mokala National Park.
Mythe Railway Nature Reserve is a 2.8-hectare nature reserve in Gloucestershire. The site is listed in the ‘Tewkesbury Borough Local Plan to 2011’, adopted March 2006, Appendix 3 'Nature Conservation',' as a Key Wildlife Site.
Hegins Township is a township in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 3,519 at the 2000 census.
Ahmet Gökhan Özen is a Turkish singer and songwriter.
Gilberto Amauri de Godoy Filho, known as Giba, is a Brazilian former professional volleyball player who played as an outside hitter. For much of the 2000s, he was widely regarded as one of the best volleyball players in the world. During his professional career he played in Brazil, Italy, Russia, Argentina and briefly in the United Arab Emirates. He is mostly remembered for his successes with the national team.
"Deryneia is a large village in the island of Cyprus. It is located at the east side of the island, 2 km south of the city of Famagusta. The population of the village is 5,758 and it consists of a municipality since 1994. The current mayor is Andros Karayiannis. Since the 1974 Turkish invasion of Cyprus, around 75% of the village terrain is in Northern Cyprus. The village is 12 kilometers from the famous resort of Ayia Napa. The ""Ghost Town"" of Varosha can be clearly viewed from the roof of the Cultural Centre, as can the craters from shells fired during the invasion in the field opposite.
Vivo, is a brand of Telefônica Brasil, a subsidiary of Telefónica and the largest telecommunications company in Brazil. It is headquartered in the Brooklin Novo neighborhood of São Paulo.
Marinópolis is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. The population is 2,150 in an area of 77.8 km². The elevation is 408 m.
USS Tramp (SP-646) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919.
The New Caledonian sea krait is a species of venomous snake in the subfamily Hydrophiinae of the family Elapidae. The species is native to the waters around New Caledonia.
Kevin Alexander Russo is a former professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball for the New York Yankees in 2010.
Estadio Luis Valenzuela Hermosilla is a multi-use stadium in Copiapó, Chile. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Club de Deportes Copiapó of the Chilean Primera División B. It also hosted Regional Atacama of the Chilean Primera División. The stadium has a capacity of 8,000 spectators.
Masserberg is a municipality in the district of Hildburghausen, in Thuringia, Germany.
The 1926 Havana hurricane devastated large areas of Cuba and Bermuda in October 1926. The tenth tropical cyclone, eighth hurricane, and sixth major hurricane of the annual hurricane season, the storm formed from a low-pressure area in the southern Caribbean Sea on October 14. Moving slowly to the north, it steadily intensified, attaining hurricane intensity on October 18 near the Swan Islands. After passing the islands, the hurricane began to rapidly intensify as it accelerated to the north, attaining major hurricane intensity the following day. The storm later made two landfalls on Cuba as it reached peak intensity with winds of 150 mph and a minimum central pressure of 934 mbar. The hurricane slightly weakened as it passed over the island, and after entering the Straits of Florida, made a close pass of southern Florida and The Bahamas. Afterwards, the storm gradually weakened, passing over Bermuda on October 22, before executing a clockwise loop and dissipating on October 28, after becoming absorbed by an extratropical cyclone.
Princess Mary of Great Britain was the second-youngest daughter of King George II of Great Britain and his wife, Caroline of Ansbach, and Landgravine of Hesse-Kassel as the wife of Frederick II, Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel.
The hornlip mullet is a species of fish in the mullet family from the Indo-Pacific from the Red Sea to Micronesia. It is the only species in the monospecific genus Plicomugil.
Patrick Ching
The Caribe Hilton is located in San Juan, Puerto Rico, and is owned by Park Hotels & Resorts and managed by Hilton Worldwide. It was the first Hilton hotel ever opened outside of the continental United States.
Kumaravadivel Natarajan, known professionally as Vadivelu, is an Indian film actor and playback singer. Since the 1990s, he has performed in supporting and lead roles as a comedy actor in Tamil films.
Zebleys Corner is an unincorporated community located in Bethel Township in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. Zebleys Corner is located at the intersection of Pennsylvania Route 261 and Zebley Road a short distance north of the Delaware border.
Joseph George Tait is an English professional footballer who plays as a centre back for National League North club York City. He has played in the USL Pro for the Dayton Dutch Lions.
Center Township is a township in Doniphan County, Kansas, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 1,743.
Edward Franklin Albee II was an American vaudeville impresario.
"Severinus of Noricum is a saint, known as the ""Apostle to Noricum"". It has been speculated that he was born in either Southern Italy or in the Roman province of Africa. Severinus himself refused to discuss his personal history before his appearance along the Danube in Noricum, after the death of Attila in 453. However, he did mention experiences with eastern desert monasticism, and his vita draws connections between Severinus and Saint Anthony of Egypt.
James Andrew Innes Dee is an English stand-up comedian, actor, presenter and writer known for his sarcasm, irony and deadpan humour. He is well known in the United Kingdom for writing and starring in the sitcom Lead Balloon and hosting the panel show I'm Sorry I Haven't A Clue.
Covelo is a municipality in Galicia, Spain, in the province of Pontevedra.
Herrenalb Abbey is a former Cistercian monastery in the present Bad Herrenalb in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Rostislav Olesz is a professional ice hockey left winger, currently playing for HC Vítkovice Steel of the Czech Extraliga. Olesz was originally drafted in the first round, seventh overall, by the Florida Panthers in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Buckingham Township is a township in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 20,075 at the 2010 census. Buckingham takes its name from Buckingham in Buckinghamshire, England. Buckingham Township was once known as Greenville and was once the historic county seat of the English Bucks County.
The platypus, sometimes referred to as the duck-billed platypus, is a semiaquatic egg-laying mammal endemic to eastern Australia, including Tasmania. The platypus is the sole living representative of its family and genus, though a number of related species appear in the fossil record.
Guachinango is a town and municipality, in Jalisco in central-western Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 483.19 km².
Ariake was the fifth of six Hatsuharu-class destroyers, built for the Imperial Japanese Navy under the Circle One Program. Three were laid down in JFY 1931 and the next three in JFY 1933.
Bort-les-Orgues is a commune in the Corrèze department in central France.
"The Expediency Discernment Council of the System is an administrative assembly appointed by the Supreme Leader and was created upon the revision to the Constitution of the Islamic Republic of Iran on 6 February 1988. It was originally set up to resolve differences or conflicts between the Majlis and the Guardian Council, but ""its true power lies more in its advisory role to the Supreme Leader."" According to Hooman Majd, the Leader ""delegated some of his own authority to the council — granting it supervisory powers over all branches of the government"" following President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's election in 2005.
The Jazz Fest Sarajevo is an international music festival held annually in the first week of November in Sarajevo and is the largest of its kind in southeastern Europe.
Bne Manor is a manor house in Bne parish, Auce Municipality in the historical region of Zemgale, in Latvia. Bne manor was established at the end of the 16th century, upon collapse of the Livonian Order and formation of the Duchy of Courland.
Courtomer is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Royds Hall Community School is a mixed all-through school for pupils aged 4 – 16. It is located in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, England, and on the north side of the Colne Valley towards Milnsbridge.
The Dr. James Rosenfeld House is a house located in southwest Portland, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Chilkoot Trail and Dyea Site is a National Historic Landmark district comprising the Chilkoot Trail and the former town of Dyea, Alaska. They are contained in the Klondike Gold Rush National Historical Park which preserves the historic buildings and locations connected to the Klondike Gold Rush period of Alaskan history. For a brief period between 1897 and 1899, this trail and town were full of prospectors. By 1905, most of the buildings had been demolished or removed. Both the trail and the town site are part of the Klondike Gold Rush National Historical Park.
Groenkloof is a residential suburb of Pretoria, South Africa.
The Western Allied Campaign in Romania consisted of war declarations and aerial operations during the Second World War by 8 Western Allied countries against Romania which itself was primarily engaged on the Eastern Front in fighting against the Soviet Union.
Zha Fuxi, also known as Zha Yiping was a leading player and scholar of the guqin. Born in Jiangxi, he started learning guqin in his childhood. In 1936, he co-founded the Jinyu Qin Society which later became one of the major national musical organizations for the guqin.
Khiloksky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the thirty-one in Zabaykalsky Krai, Russia. It is located in the southwest of the krai, and borders with Ulyotovsky District in the east, Krasnochikoysky District in the south, and with Petrovsk-Zabaykalsky District in the west. The area of the district is 14,800 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the town of Khilok. Population: 31,760; 33,434; 40,758. The population of Khilok accounts for 36.3% of the district's total population.
"The Dahong Palay, literally ""rice leaf"" in Tagalog, is a single-edged sword from the Philippines, specifically the Southern Tagalog provinces of Batangas and Mindoro. The sword's name could either be a reference to the similarity of its shape to the leaves of rice or to local green snakes ""dahong palay"", purported to be extremely venomous. The snake is probably green specimens of the Philippine Pit Viper, Trimeresurus flavomaculatus, though it is sometimes identified as various relatively harmless green snakes, like vine snakes. The dahong palay was originally used as a farmer's tool, for clearing thick grass growths. However, during the Philippine revolution of 1896, farmers from Batangas soon came to favor it for its slashing and thrusting ""feel""."
Hjerm station is a railway station serving the railway town of Hjerm in Jutland, Denmark.
Jared Tallent OAM is an Australian race walker and Olympic gold medallist in the 50 km walk from London in 2012. He is a four-time Olympic medallist, three-time World Championship medallist and holds the current Olympic record in the 50 km walk.
The Church of the Transfiguration is a Franciscan church located on Mount Tabor in Israel. It is traditionally believed to be the site where the Transfiguration of Christ took place, an event in the Gospels in which Jesus is transfigured upon an unnamed mountain and speaks with Moses and Elijah.
"Morjim is a Census Town in Pernem, Goa, India; it is situated on the northern bank of the Chapora River estuary. It is home to a variety of birds and is a nesting site for Olive ridley sea turtles. The village has become known as ""Little Russia"" because of the concentration of Russian immigrants living there."
Cherkasy Raion is an administrative part of Cherkasy Oblast. The center of the raion is the city of Cherkasy which is incorporated separately as a city of oblast significance and does not belong to the raion. The area of the raion is 1,617 km², with density of 49 inhabitants per square kilometre. The population consists of Ukrainians, Russians, Belorussians, and others. The population was 75,228. There are 39 settlements on the territory of the district - 38 villages and 1 urban-type settlement - Irdyn.
"Philip Kennard Claypool is an American country music artist. Between 1995 and 1999, he recorded two studio albums for the Curb Records label, in addition to charting four singles on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts. His highest-charting single was a cover of Bad Company's 1975 hit ""Feel Like Makin' Love."""
The steamship Bannockburn was a Canadian registered steel-hulled freighter which disappeared on Lake Superior in snowy weather on November 21, 1902. She was sighted by the captain of a passing vessel, the SS Algonquin, around noon of that day but minutes later disappeared. The wreck of the ship has never been found, with the exception of an oar and a life preserver, and no bodies were ever recovered. Within a year of her disappearance she acquired a reputation as a ghost ship and became known as The Flying Dutchman of the Great Lakes.
John Dugan is an American actor. He is best known for his role in The Texas Chain Saw Massacre and Texas Chainsaw 3D as Grandpa Sawyer. He also had a cameo appearance in the fourth installment of that series, Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation.
Hi-Tech Zone is a station on Line 1 of the Chengdu Metro in China.
Sean Michael Murray is a professional association footballer who plays as a midfielder for League of Ireland Premier Division club Dundalk.
Hayfield Road is a residential road that runs north-south in Walton Manor, north Oxford, England.
Anapa is a town in Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located on the northern coast of the Black Sea near the Sea of Azov. Population: 58,990; 53,493; 54,796.
Nalgonda district is a district in the Telangana state of India. It has a population of 3,483,648, of which 13.32% is urban as of 2011. The district shares boundaries with Suryapet, Rangareddy, Bhuvanagiri, and Nagarkurnool districts, and with the state boundary of Andhra Pradesh.
Toride is a city located in Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan. As of September 2015, the city had an estimated population of 106,691, and a population density of 1530 persons per km². Its total area is 69.94 km².
Pampanga is a province in the Central Luzon region of the Philippines. Lying on the northern shore of Manila Bay, Pampanga is bordered by Tarlac to the north, Nueva Ecija to the northeast, Bulacan to the east, the Manila Bay to the central-south, Bataan to the southwest and Zambales to the west. Its capital is the City of San Fernando. Angeles, while geographically within Pampanga, is classified as a first-class, highly urbanized city and is governed independently of the province.
Mikaela Pauline Shiffrin is an American two-time Olympic gold medalist and World Cup alpine skier. She is a three-time Overall World Cup champion, the four-time reigning world champion in slalom, and a six-time winner of the World Cup discipline title in that event. Shiffrin is the youngest slalom champion in Olympic alpine skiing history, at 18 years and 345 days.
Clarendon Hills is a village in DuPage County, Illinois, United States. The population was 8,427 at the 2010 census. It is a south-western suburb of Chicago.
"Alden Tavern Site is a historic site in Lebanon, Connecticut. The tavern was originally built in 1738 and owned by Captain Alden. By 1850, it had passed to Alden's descendant, Mr. Wattles. The Alden Tavern is well known for being the site of the horsewhipping of a captive General Richard Prescott, commander of the British troops of Rhode Island, by the tavern's owner Captain Alden when he dined at Alden's tavern. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 and listed under the ""Event"" and ""Information Potential"" criteria. It was listed as only having fieldstone foundations remaining. A parking lot was paved over the site in 2010, adding 26 paved spaces and 70 spaces in overflow parking on a grass field. It is now known as the Alden Tavern Parking Lot by the town of Lebanon."
The Tian Shan montane steppe and meadows ecoregion covers a 2,000 km long stretch of grasslands of the isolated Tian Sham mountains of Central Asia. It is characterized by high-altitude flat and rolling grasslands.
Naquetia is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae, the rock snails or murex snails.
George Samuel Dougherty was an American law enforcement officer, private detective and writer. He was considered one of the leading detectives in the United States, first for the Pinkerton Detective Agency and then as a private investigator. Dougherty was responsible for the capture of many notorious criminals during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. He also introduced the modern-day fingerprinting to the police force.
McLane Stadium is an American football stadium in Waco, Texas that is owned and operated by Baylor University. Originally named Baylor Stadium, the facility's name was changed to McLane Stadium in December 2013 to honor Baylor alumnus and business magnate Drayton McLane, Jr., who provided the lead gift in the fundraising campaign for the stadium construction. Baylor's first game at McLane was played August 31, 2014, with the Bears defeating SMU 45–0. The stadium has a capacity of 45,140 spectators and was designed to be expandable to a capacity of 55,000 as future needs require. McLane Stadium replaced Floyd Casey Stadium as the home field for the Baylor Bears football program.
Waingapu is the largest town on the island of Sumba, East Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia. It is the capital town of the Regency of Sumba Timur. The town had a population of about 52,755 inhabitants.
Gruppo di Improvvisazione Nuova Consonanza was an avant-garde free improvisation group considered the first experimental composers collective.
Bangkok Yai is one of the 50 districts of Bangkok, Thailand. Neighbouring districts are Bangkok Noi, Phra Nakhon, Thon Buri, Phasi Charoen, and Taling Chan.
The IBM 5120 Computing System was announced in February 1980 as the desktop follow-on to the IBM 5110 Computing System. It featured two built-in 8-inch 1.2 MB floppy disk drives, 9-inch monochrome monitor, 32K RAM and optional IBM 5114 stand-alone diskette unit with two additional 8-inch 1.2 MB floppy disk drives. The system was sold with both APL and BASIC languages in ROM and provided a toggle switch on the front panel to select the language. APL allowed numerous business software written on IBM minicomputers to run on the 5120.
Same Sex Mary is an independent rock band from Boulder City, Nevada formed by James Howard Adams with Tsvetelina Stefanova, and are well known members of the Las Vegas indie music scene.
Lioscincus vivae is a species of lizard in the family Scincidae. The species is endemic to New Caledonia.
Ségos is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Luiz Albuquerque Couto is a Brazilian politician as well as a university professor and Catholic priest. He has spent his political career representing his home state of Paraíba, having served as state representative from 2003 to 2019.
Priponeti is a commune in Galai County, Western Moldavia, Romania with a population of 2,544 people. It is composed of five villages: Ciorti, Hutiu, Lieti, Priponeti and Priponetii de Jos.
Presidential elections were held in Moldova on 17 November 1996, with a second round on 1 December. Whilst incumbent President Mircea Snegur received the most votes in the first round, he was defeated in the second by Petru Lucinschi.
Jabal Umm ad Dami, in historic Wadi Rum, is the highest mountain in Jordan. Its claimed elevation of 1,854 metres is consistent with SRTM data. It is located at 29°1830N 35°2545E, near to the border with Saudi Arabia in the Aqaba Governorate of Jordan.
The Toyota LiteAce and TownAce are a line of light commercial and derivative passenger vans produced by the Japanese car manufacturer Toyota. These vehicles originally utilized the cab-over-engine configuration, although since 1996 a semi-cab-over arrangement has featured instead. The LiteAce launched in 1970 as light-duty truck, with commercial and van/wagon body variants added in 1971. In 1976, Toyota released the larger TownAce van/wagon that derived from the LiteAce; a TownAce truck arrived later in 1978. Between 1982 and 1992, the series accommodated the MasterAce Surf—an upscale TownAce passenger wagon.
Bullock County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2010 census the population was 10,914. Union Springs was chosen as the county seat in 1867. The county was named in honor of Colonel Edward C. Bullock who was a state senator and outspoken secessionist who died serving in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War.
Henry Vogel was an American actor and bass-baritone singer who originated several roles on the Broadway stage during the first two decades of the Twentieth Century.
The TW 2000 is a Stadtbahn vehicle in operation on the Hanover Stadtbahn network in Hanover, Germany.
The Golden West Lodge Historic District includes the Golden West Lodge and six log cabins around it in Stehekin, Washington. Built in 1926, the lodge used salvaged portions of the Field Hotel, demolished the same year when the level of Lake Chelan was raised. Located in Lake Chelan National Recreation Area, the lodge was rehabilitated to function as the National Park Service Stehekin District Headquarters and Visitor Center in 2002.
"Natasha Anne Bedingfield is an English singer and songwriter. Bedingfield released her debut album, Unwritten, in 2004, which contained primarily up-tempo hip hop songs and was influenced by R&B music. It enjoyed international success with more than 2.3 million copies sold worldwide. Bedingfield received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance for the title track ""Unwritten"", and at the 2005 and 2006 Brit Awards, she was nominated for Best British Female Artist. Unwritten also produced her only UK number one, ""These Words"".
Aina Erlander was a Swedish lecturer. She was the wife of Swedish Prime Minister Tage Erlander from 1930 until his death in June 1985.
"Carswell Medieval House is a Grade II-listed historic stone ruin of a medieval tenant farm in the village of Penally, near St Florence in Tenby. Visit Wales describe it as ""one of the only buildings of its type still standing in this part of Wales"" and an example of ""everyday medieval life away from the grand castles often associated with the period."""
INS Karmuk is a Kora-class corvette, currently in active service with the Indian Navy.
Mongua is a town and municipality in Sugamuxi Province in the Colombian Department of Boyacá. Mongua is situated in the Eastern Ranges of the Colombian Andes at altitudes between 1,400 metres and 4,000 metres. The municipality borders Gámeza, Socotá, Pisba, Labranzagrande, Aquitania, Sogamoso, Monguí and Tópaga.
Anodonta cataracta, the eastern floater, is a species of large freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusc in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.
The 2003 Atlantic hurricane season was an active Atlantic hurricane season with tropical activity before and after the official bounds of the season—the first such occurrence since the 1954 season. The season produced 21 tropical cyclones, of which 16 developed into named storms; seven cyclones attained hurricane status, of which three reached major hurricane status. With sixteen storms, the season was tied for the sixth-most active Atlantic hurricane season on record. The strongest hurricane of the season was Hurricane Isabel, which reached Category 5 status on the Saffir–Simpson hurricane scale northeast of the Lesser Antilles; Isabel later struck North Carolina as a Category 2 hurricane, causing $5.5 billion in damage and a total of 51 deaths across the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States.
Heping Station is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration North-link line located in Xiulin Township, Hualien County, Taiwan.
Winterthur is a city in the canton of Zürich in northern Switzerland. With over 110,000 residents it is the country's sixth-largest city by population, and is the ninth-largest agglomeration with about 140,000 inhabitants. Located about 20 kilometres northeast of Zürich, Winterthur is a service and high-tech industrial satellite city within Greater Zürich.
"The Nippu Jiji, later published as the Hawaii Times, was a Japanese-English language newspaper based in Honolulu, Hawai'i. Established as the Yamato Shimbun by Shintaro Anno in 1895, the paper began as a six-page semi-weekly printed on a lithograph machine, and changed hands four times before being taken over by Yasutaro ""Keiho"" Soga in 1905. Soga changed the name of the paper to the Nippu Jiji, Japanese for ""newspaper for telling timely news,"" on November 3, 1906, and under his direction the paper was expanded to a twelve-page daily printed on a rotary press with a circulation of 15,000.
Carmen Arriagada García was a Chilean writer.
The Three Kingdoms of Korea were Goguryeo, Baekje and Silla. They existed between the 1st century BC and 7th century CE. There were some smaller kingdoms like Gaya, Dongye, Okjeo, Buyeo, Usan, Tamna, etc.
Kentucky supplemental roads and rural secondary highways are the lesser two of the four functional classes of highways constructed and maintained by the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet, the state-level agency that constructs and maintains highways in Kentucky. The agency splits its inventory of state highway mileage into four categories:
Fagerborg Church is located south of Stensparken at Fagerborg in Oslo, Norway.
Eugênia Álvaro Moreyra was a Brazilian journalist, actress and theater director, who became president of the professional theater union. A feminist pioneer, she was a leader of the suffrage campaign in Brazil. She was also linked to the Brazilian modernist movement and was a staunch defender of Communist ideals. She was married to the poet and writer Álvaro Moreyra, who played a major role in the renewal of the Brazilian theater, organizing cultural popularization campaigns and working as an actress, director, translator, declaimer and later president of the union of theater professionals.
The 1953 Pacific typhoon season has no official bounds; it ran year-round in 1954, but most tropical cyclones tend to form in the northwestern Pacific Ocean between June and December. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northwestern Pacific Ocean.
Priesthill & Darnley railway station is a railway station serving the Priesthill and Darnley districts of Glasgow, Scotland. The station is managed by Abellio ScotRail and is on the Glasgow South Western Line.
Yvonne Helen Fovargue is a British Labour Party politician who was elected Member of Parliament for Makerfield in 2010, succeeding Ian McCartney, who stepped down due to ill health.
The 1884 Calgary municipal election was held on December 3, 1884 to elect a Mayor and four Councillors to sit on the first Calgary Town Council from December 4, 1884 to January 18, 1886.
Shim Suk-hee is a South Korean short track speed skater. At the 2014 Winter Olympics, she won gold in the 3000-metre relay as part of the South Korean relay team, silver in the 1500 metres, and bronze in the 1000 metres.
al-Am'ari Refugee Camp is a Palestinian refugee camp in the Ramallah and al-Bireh Governorate, located 2 kilometers South of Al Bireh in the central West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the Camp had a population of 5,719 inhabitants in mid-year 2006. The al-Am'ari camp has 10,377 registered refugees.
Hakea eneabba is a shrub in the family, Proteaceae and endemic to an area along the west coast in the Mid West region of Western Australia.
Giuliana Chenal-Minuzzo is an Italian former alpine skier. She was born in Vallonara di Marostica. At the 1952 Olympics in Oslo Minuzzo was bronze medalist in the downhill. At the 1960 Olympics in Squaw Valley she was bronze medalist in the giant slalom.
Hannappes is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.
Babycurus buettneri is a species of scorpions belonging to the family Buthidae.
Mangalore is a closed station located in the township of Mangalore, at the junction of the North East and Goulburn Valley railway lines in Victoria, Australia. The station was one of 35 closed to passenger traffic on 4 October 1981 as part of the New Deal timetable for country passengers. The former station building was moved from the site, and currently sits in a yard on the way into nearby Avenel.
Frida Erika Appelgren, earlier married Muranius, born 5 April 1981 in Malmö, Sweden, is a Swedish music artist. She scored a mid-2007 hit with the song Dunka mig gul och blå.
Tenants Harbor Light, also known as Southern Island Light, is a lighthouse at the mouth of Tenants Harbor, St. George, Maine, United States. It appears in paintings by Andrew Wyeth and his son Jamie Wyeth, who have owned the lighthouse since 1978.
Oberstaufenbach is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Kusel district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It belongs to the Verbandsgemeinde of Kusel-Altenglan, whose seat is in Kusel.
The Marriott Center is a multi-purpose arena in the western United States, located on the campus of Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah. It is home to the BYU Cougars men's and women's basketball teams. The seating capacity for basketball games at the Marriott Center is officially 18,987.
"Muqali, also spelt Mukhali and Mukhulai, was a Mongol general who became a trusted and esteemed commander under Genghis Khan. The son of Gü'ün U'a, a Jalair leader who had sworn fealty to the Mongols, he became known by his epithet ""Muqali"", ""one who dulls"", earned through his committed and able service to the Great Khan and the Mongol Empire. During the invasion of Jin China, Muqali acted as Genghis Khan's second-in-command, and was promoted to Viceroy of China, and was entrusted with a great degree of autonomy once Genghis Khan departed to conquer Central Asia. Unlike many Mongol leaders who were willing to massacre to gain any advantage, Muqali usually attempted to convert foes into friends by more conciliatory means, and change the Mongol image in China. By the time of Ogedei's reign, he was viewed as the best of the extraordinarily talented pool of Mongol generals. Given his undefeated record despite very limited resources, he is likely one of the greatest military commanders in history."
Quinn Chapel AME Church, also known as Quinn Chapel of the A.M.E. Church, houses Chicago's oldest African-American congregation, formed by seven individuals as a nondenominational prayer group that met in the house of a member in 1844. In 1847, the group organized as a congregation of the African Methodist Episcopal Church, the first independent black denomination in the United States. They named the church for Bishop William Paul Quinn.
The 2019 Ashfield District Council election took place on 2 May 2019, to elect all members of Ashfield District Council in England.
Léoville is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Chrysotoxum bicinctum is a species of hoverfly.
Ctenoderus is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, containing the following species:
Lee Charles Philip Harper is an English former footballer, and manager who played as a goalkeeper. He notably played for Queens Park Rangers. Though he spent 3 years at The Arsenal, he only played 1 game for them, never making the grade as a first rate goalkeeper.
Hector Martignon is a Colombian pianist and composer of Italian descent living in New York City. Two of Martignon's albums have been nominated for a Grammy Award: Refugee and Second Chance. Martignon is known for crossbreeding the improvisational language of Jazz with diverse musical idioms, such as Classical European, Latin American folklore and World Music. On its exhibit Latin Jazz, the Smithsonian Institution lists Martignon among the leading artists “exploring the regional sources of Latin Jazz”.
Hypenodes humidalis, the marsh oblique-barred, is a moth in the family Erebidae. The species was first described by Henry Doubleday in 1850. It is found in most of Europe and across the Palearctic to Siberia.
Tri-Mountain National Scenic Area is a national scenic area located within central Taiwan, spanning Hsinchu County, Miaoli County, Taichung City, Changhua County, and Nantou County. The area is composed of three non-contiguous scenic areas, which are all named after mountains, hence the name.
Usakos railway station is a railway station in Namibia serving the city of Usakos. It is part of the TransNamib railway network. The station building is dilapidated but passenger trains still stop at Usakos.
Petter Øverby is a Norwegian handball player for HC Erlangen and the Norwegian national team.
Peridotite is a dense, coarse-grained igneous rock consisting mostly of the minerals olivine and pyroxene. Peridotite is ultramafic, as the rock contains less than 45% silica. It is high in magnesium, reflecting the high proportions of magnesium-rich olivine, with appreciable iron. Peridotite is derived from the Earth's mantle, either as solid blocks and fragments, or as crystals accumulated from magmas that formed in the mantle. The compositions of peridotites from these layered igneous complexes vary widely, reflecting the relative proportions of pyroxenes, chromite, plagioclase, and amphibole.
Chen Tianhua was a Chinese revolutionary born in Xinhua, Hunan province to a poor peasant family during the Qing dynasty.
Katarzyna Adamowicz is a Polish chess player who holds the title of Woman FIDE Master.
Pilosa is an order of mammals in the superorder Xenarthra. To this order belong the sloths, suborder Folivora and the anteaters, suborder Vermilingua.
Columbia Township is a civil township of Jackson County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the population was 7,420.
Wujiayao Station, is a station of Line 3 of the Tianjin Metro. It started operations on 1 October 2012.
Ludwig Hermann Karl Hahn was a German Schutzstaffel officer and a convicted war criminal. A prominent Nazi official, he held several high-ranking political and security positions during his career with the SS.
Wilson Rodrigues Fonseca, or simply Wilson, is a Brazilian striker, currently playing for Mirassol.
Duncan Hall was an Australian rugby league footballer who played in the 1940s and 1950s, singled out as having been amongst the greatest of the 20th century. He played in the Brisbane Rugby League premiership for Fortitude Valley Diehards and represented Queensland and Australia. He has been named amongst the nation's finest footballers of the 20th century. Away from football Hall worked as a hotelier and bookmaker, and in his later years worked at the Broncos Leagues Club. His son Duncan Hall, Jr. played 15 rugby union tests for the Wallabies
Cléophas Bastien was a Canadian provincial politician.
Prestwick Town railway station is a railway station serving the town of Prestwick, South Ayrshire, Scotland. The station is managed by Abellio ScotRail and is on the Ayrshire Coast Line. Originally known only as Prestwick, it was one of the original stations on the Ayr to Irvine portion of the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock and Ayr Railway opened in August 1839.
The Salem Nuclear Power Plant is a two unit pressurized water reactor nuclear power plant located in Lower Alloways Creek Township, in Salem County, New Jersey, in the United States. It is owned by PSEG Nuclear LLC and Exelon Generation LLC.
João Teves is a city in the central part of the island of Santiago, Cape Verde. It is situated 19 km northwest of the capital Praia, on the national road from Praia to Assomada. It is the seat of São Lourenço dos Órgãos municipality. A source river of the Ribeira Seca flows through the town.
Martín Melitón Pablo de Sarasate y Navascués was a Spanish violin virtuoso and composer of the Romantic period. Gypsy Airs is one of his most popular compositions and a favorite among violin virtuosos.
"The chungin, also jung-in, were the upper middle class of the Joseon Dynasty in medieval and early modern Korean society. The name ""chungin"" directly means ""middle people"". This privileged class of commoners consisted of a small group of petty bureaucrats and other highly educated skilled workers whose technical and administrative skills enabled the yangban and the royal family to rule the lower classes. Chungin were the lifeblood of the Confucian agrarian bureaucracy, for whom the upper classes depended on to maintain their vice-like hold on the people. Their traditions and habits are the forerunners of the modern Korean administrative systems in both North and South Korea."
The SIAI-Marchetti S.210 was a 1970s Italian twin-engined cabin-monoplane designed and built by SIAI-Marchetti as a development of the single-engined SIAI-Marchetti S.205.
The rare spider species Tegenaria silvestris is mostly found in caves, or on dumps; sometimes it occurs on forest edges, or in dry forests. It constructs its web under tree trunks and dead wood, and in tree caves.
Nicola Scott is a comics artist from Sydney, Australia whose notable works include Birds of Prey and Secret Six. In 2016, she and writer Greg Rucka relaunched Wonder Woman for DC Comics Rebirth and created the comic series Black Magick, which was published by Image Comics.
Josephine McNeill was an Irish diplomat. She was the first Irish female diplomat appointed to represent Ireland abroad in a ministerial capacity.
Guangming Road is a station on the branch line of Line 11 of the Shanghai Metro. It is located in Huaqiao, Kunshan, Jiangsu. This station opened on 16 October 2013.
Corsham is an historic market town and civil parish in west Wiltshire, England. It is at the south-western edge of the Cotswolds, just off the A4 national route, 28 miles southwest of Swindon, 20 miles southeast of Bristol, 8 miles northeast of Bath and 4 miles southwest of Chippenham.
Otmarov is a village and municipality in Brno-Country District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
Buckshoal Farm is a property along with a historic home located near Omega, Halifax County, Virginia. The earliest section was built in the early-19th century, and is the two-story pitched-roof log section of the main residence. The larger two-story, pitched-roof section of the house with its ridge perpendicular to the older section was added in 1841. It features a porch that is configured to follows the shape of the ell and bay of the front of the house. The third two-story addition dates to circa 1910. Also on the property are the contributing log smoke house, well-house and a frame shed. Buckshoal Farm was the birthplace and favorite retreat of Governor William M. Tuck.
Großweitzschen is a municipality in the district of Mittelsachsen, in Saxony, Germany.
Thaddeus Harold Brown was a Republican lawyer and politician from the U.S. State of Ohio. After serving in the United States Army during World War I, he was elected Ohio Secretary of State 1923-1927, and was a commissioner of the Federal Radio Commission and then the Federal Communications Commission from 1932 to 1940.
Saint-Léger-près-Troyes is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
Nizhnyaya Tura is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Tura River, 254 kilometers north of Yekaterinburg. Population: 22,006; 24,247; 26,268.
The wars of Alexander the Great were fought by King Alexander III of Macedon, first against the Achaemenid Persian Empire under Darius III, and then against local chieftains and warlords as far east as Punjab, India. By the time of his death, he had conquered most of the world known to the ancient Greeks. However, he failed to conquer South Asia. Although being successful as a military commander, he failed to provide any stable alternative to the Achaemenid Empire—his untimely death threw the vast territories he conquered into civil war.
Lasse Erik Pöysti was a Finnish actor, director, theatre manager and writer. He was born in Sortavala.
San Torcuato is a village in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain. The municipality covers an area of 10.82 square kilometres and as of 2011 had a population of 83 people.
Zeerust Commando was a light infantry regiment of the South African Army. It formed part of the South African Army Infantry Formation as well as the South African Territorial Reserve.
Tim Fain is an American violinist, best known for his performances in the movie Black Swan and his work with American composer Philip Glass.
Randall Azofeifa Corrales is a Costa Rican football midfielder who currently plays for Herediano.
In chemistry, the tricapped trigonal prismatic molecular geometry describes the shape of compounds where nine atoms, groups of atoms, or ligands are arranged around a central atom, defining the vertices of a triaugmented triangular prism.
Carpenter Township is one of thirteen townships in Jasper County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,953 and it contained 881 housing units.
Symphytognathidae is a family of spiders with 73 described species in eight genera. They occur in the tropics of Central and South America and the Australian region. Exceptions include Anapistula benoiti, Anapistula caecula, and Symphytognatha imbulunga, found in Africa, Anapistula ishikawai, found in Japan, and Anapistula jerai, found in Southeast Asia.
The pomegranate is a fruit-bearing deciduous shrub in the family Lythraceae, subfamily Punicoideae, that grows between 5 and 10 m tall.
Suceava is the capital city of Suceava County, in Romania. 107,513 people were living in Suceava as of July 1, 2004.
Sant Hilari Sacalm is a municipality in the comarca of the Selva in Catalonia, Spain.
Nayatt Point Light is a historic lighthouse in Barrington, Rhode Island.
The QF 5.25-inch Mark I gun was the heaviest dual-purpose gun used by the Royal Navy during the Second World War. Although considered less than completely successful, it saw extensive service. 267 guns were built.
The Bartel BM.4 was a Polish biplane primary trainer aircraft used from 1929 to 1939 by the Polish Air Force and Polish civilian aviation, manufactured in the Samolot factory in Pozna. It was the first plane of Polish design put into production.
Inis Oírr or Inisheer is the smallest and most eastern of the three Aran Islands in Galway Bay, Ireland. With about 260 permanent residents, it is more populous than Inishmaan but less than Inishmore. Caomhán of Inis Oírr is the island's patron saint. There are five primary settlements on Inis Oírr, including Baile Thiar, Baile an tSéipéil, Baile an Chaisleáin, Baile an Fhormna and Baile an Lorgain.
Meves's starling or Meves's glossy-starling, is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae. It is found in Angola, Botswana, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
The Raffaello MPLM, also known as MPLM-2, was one of three Multi-Purpose Logistics Modules which were operated by NASA to transfer supplies and equipment to and from the International Space Station. Raffaello was used for four of twelve MPLM flights to the space station, with Leonardo being used for the remainder. It was first launched on 19 April 2001, aboard the STS-100 mission flown by Space Shuttle Endeavour, and made its third flight in July 2005, aboard Discovery on STS-114. For the last time, Raffaello was launched aboard Space Shuttle Atlantis on the STS-135 mission, the last flight of the Space Shuttle. As of June 2015, it is now being stored at the Kennedy Space Center.
The Port-Cartier-Sept-Îles Wildlife Reserve is a wildlife reserve in the province of Quebec, Canada.
San Miguel, officially the Municipality of San Miguel, is a 1st class municipality in the province of Bulacan, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 153,882 people.
"""The Imperial Physician"" is a short story by the Chinese writer Pu Songling collected in Strange Tales from a Chinese Studio in 1740, and translated by Sidney L. Sondergard in 2012."
Charles I of England, was the monarch of the three kingdoms of England, Scotland, and Ireland from 27 March 1625 until his execution in 1649. He was a son of James I of England. He was married to Henrietta Maria of France.
Karin Sendel is an Israeli women's footballer who plays as a midfielder for Ligat Nashim club Ramat HaSharon. She has previously played for Maccabi Holon, as well as having spells in the NCAA, with both the Ohio State Buckeyes and the UNC Greensboro Spartans, and in Iceland. She is the captain of the Israel national team, where she made her debut at the 2007 World Cup Qualifiers.
Chitranna is a rice-based dish widely prepared in South India. It is prepared by mixing cooked rice with a special seasoning called Oggarane or Gojju. Characteristic for the seasoning are mustard seeds, fried lentils, peanuts, curry leaves, chillies, lemon juice and other optional items such as scrapes of unripe mango. Added Turmeric powder gives Chitranna its yellow color. Garlic and onions are also used in the seasoning by some, although traditionally they do not form part of the recipe.
Estadio Once de Noviembre is a baseball park in Cartagena de Indias, Colombia. According to the famous American architectural historian Henry-Russell Hitchcock in his Book Latin American Architecture Since 1945, this is one of the most striking examples in the world of cantilevered shell vaulting. The team of architects, Ortega, Solano, Burbano and Gaitan Cortes, had the inspired collaboration of an extraordinary designer of structures, the engineer Guillermo Gonzalez Zuleta. A pivotal project of the mid century modernization policy in Colombia that brought on new construction techniques and a novel way of doing architecture, it synthesizes a special moment for architecture and engineering in Colombia.
The Air Education and Training Command Studies and Analysis Squadron is a unit of the United States Air Force stationed at Randolph Air Force Base, Texas, where it reports directly to the headquarters of Air Education and Training Command, evaluating training programs and systems.
Plasmodium knowlesi is a parasite that causes malaria in humans and other primates. It is found throughout Southeast Asia, and is the most common cause of human malaria in Malaysia. Like other Plasmodium species, P. knowlesi has a life cycle that requires infection of both a mosquito and a warm-blooded host. While the natural warm-blooded hosts of P. knowlesi are likely various Old World monkeys, humans can be infected by P. knowlesi if they are fed upon by infected mosquitoes. P. knowlesi is a eukaryote in the phylum Apicomplexa, genus Plasmodium, and subgenus Plasmodium. It is most closely related to the human parasite Plasmodium vivax as well as other Plasmodium species that infect non-human primates.
Imperator Nikolai I was a Russian Imperator Aleksandr II-class battleship built for the Baltic Fleet in the late 1880s. She participated in the celebration of the 400th anniversary of the discovery of America in New York City in 1892. She assigned to the Mediterranean Squadron and visited Toulon in October 1893. She sailed for the Pacific Ocean during the First Sino-Japanese War and remained in the Pacific until late 1896, when she returned to the Mediterranean Squadron and supported Russian interests during the Cretan Revolt. She returned to the Baltic in April 1898 and had a lengthy refit, which replaced all of her machinery, before returning to the Mediterranean in 1901.
Soroka University Medical Center, part of the Clalit Health Services Group, is the only hospital in the Negev. Located in the city of Beersheba, Israel, it serves as the central hospital of the region and provides medical services to approximately one million residents of the South, from Kiryat Gat and Ashkelon to Eilat. Soroka is the third largest hospital in Israel, with 1,151 hospital beds, and it is spread over an area of 291 dunams in the center of Beer-Sheva.
William Reid Pogue was an American astronaut and pilot who worked for the U.S. Air Force as a fighter and test pilot, and reached the rank of colonel. He was also an teacher, public speaker and author.
Susan Ehlers-Sutton is a retired American cyclist who won a silver medal in the team time trial at the 1987 UCI Road World Championships. Individually she won a bronze medal in the road race at the 1983 national championships.
The Big House is a 1930 American pre-Code prison drama film directed by George Hill, released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, and starring Chester Morris, Wallace Beery, Lewis Stone and Robert Montgomery. The story and dialogue were written by Frances Marion, who won the Academy Award for Best Writing Achievement. As one of the first prison movies, it inspired many others of this genre.
Laguna, is a province in the Philippines located in the Calabarzon region in Luzon. Its capital is Santa Cruz and the province is situated southeast of Metro Manila, south of the province of Rizal, west of Quezon, north of Batangas and east of Cavite. Laguna hugs the southern shores of Laguna de Bay, the largest lake in the country. As of the 2015 census, the province's total population is 3,035,081. It is also currently the seventh richest province in the country.
Mount David is a prominent 7,420-foot mountain summit located in Chelan County of Washington state. The mountain is situated in the Glacier Peak Wilderness, on land managed by the Okanogan-Wenatchee National Forest. Mount David is the highest point of Wenatchee Ridge, a subrange which also includes Indian Head Peak, Whittier Peak, Mount Saul, and Mount Jonathan. Its nearest higher neighbor is Bandit Peak, 5.69 mi to the east-northeast. Precipitation runoff from Mount David drains into tributaries of the White River. Although modest in elevation, relief is significant since Mt. David rises 5,100 feet above the White River Valley in two miles. This peak was named for the biblical David by Albert Hale Sylvester, a pioneer surveyor, explorer, topographer, and forest supervisor in the Cascades who named thousands of natural features. This mountain can be climbed via the strenuous seven-mile Mount David Trail with over 5,000 feet of elevation gain.
Baseball and Bloomers, also known as Baseball in Bloomers, is a 1911 American silent short sports film produced by the Thanhouser Company. The film stars William Garwood and is the debut of Marguerite Snow. The film focuses on a female seminary which organizes a baseball club and challenges another school to a game. The boys accept to the game with amusement and find that the women are not good at baseball. Two Harvard University baseball stars join the ranks of the girls in disguise and defeat the boys team. The script may have been written by Lloyd Lonergan and the film may have been directed by Barry O'Neil or Lucius J. Henderson. The film was released on January 6, 1911 and it received positive reviews. The film is presumed lost.
À bientôt, j'espère is a 1968 French documentary film directed by Chris Marker and Mario Marret. It tells the story of a strike action at the Rhodiaceta textile factory in Besançon in March 1967. The film was shot in black and white, with photography by Pierre Lhomme.
"Buriram Province, is one of Thailand's seventy-six provinces lies in lower northeastern Thailand also called Isan. Neighboring provinces are Sa Kaeo, Nakhon Ratchasima, Khon Kaen, Maha Sarakham, and Surin. To the southeast it borders Oddar Meancheay of Cambodia. The name ""Buriram"" means 'city of happiness'."
Gosaikunda, also spelled Gosainkunda and Gosain Kunda is an alpine freshwater oligotrophic lake in Nepal's Langtang National Park, located at an elevation of 4,380 m in the Rasuwa District with a surface of 13.8 ha. Together with associated lakes, the Gosaikunda Lake complex comprises 1,030 ha in size and was designated a Ramsar site on 29 September 2007.
Broniszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kouchów, within Nowa Sól County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres north-west of Kouchów, 17 km west of Nowa Sól, and 18 km south of Zielona Góra.
Daniel Chester Hinote is an American former professional ice hockey player and former assistant coach for the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League. He finished his playing career playing for Modo Hockey of the Swedish Elitserien. Though born in Florida, he was raised in Rogers, a small town near Elk River, Minnesota, where he attended Elk River High School.
Antonio Valeriano was a colonial Mexican, Nahua scholar and politician. He was a collaborator with fray Bernardino de Sahagún in the creation of the twelve-volume General History of the Things of New Spain, the Florentine Codex, He served as judge-governor of both his home, Azcapotzalco, and of Tenochtitlan, in Spanish colonial New Spain.
"""The Great Sage, Heaven's Equal"" is a short story by Pu Songling first published in Strange Stories from a Chinese Studio. It revolves around Shandong native Xu Sheng, who initially rejects the existence of Sun Wukong but gradually becomes a firm devotee of him after encountering him and experiencing his power. The story acts as social commentary on the worship of mythical characters, in this case Sun Wukong. In 2014, it was translated into English by Sidney L. Sondergard."
Edward William Shore was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman, principally for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League, and the longtime owner of the Springfield Indians of the American Hockey League, iconic for his toughness and defensive skill. In 2017 Shore was named one of the '100 Greatest NHL Players' in history.
Paoli Township is one of ten townships in Orange County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 6,031 and it contained 2,679 housing units.
Thallium(I) bromide is a chemical compound of thallium and bromine with a chemical formula TlBr. It is used in room-temperature detectors of X-rays, gamma-rays and blue light, as well as in near-infrared optics.
The silver-eared mesia is a species of bird from South East Asia.
Argonia is a city in Sumner County, Kansas, United States. In 2010, 501 people lived there.
Freeman is a small town in Cass County, Missouri, United States. The population was 482 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area.
Zoonavena is a genus of swift in the family Apodidae.
Ohemaa Mercy, known in private life as Mercy Twum-Ampofo, is a Ghanaian contemporary gospel singer.
Naoshima is an island town administratively part of Kagawa District, Kagawa Prefecture, Japan located in the Seto Inland Sea. The administrative town is made up of 27 islands, of which Naoshima Island is the largest.
Zebrina detrita is a medium-sized species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Enidae.
The Toulouse is a French breed of large domestic goose, originally from the area of Toulouse in south-western France. Two types are recognised: a heavy industrial type with dewlaps, the French: Oie de Toulouse à bavette; and a slightly lighter agricultural type without dewlaps, the French: Oie de Toulouse sans bavette. Both types are large, with weights of up to 9 kg. Birds bred in the United Kingdom and United States exclusively for showing may be still larger, and have a somewhat different conformation.
Rufino Dompao Tima, Jr., popularly known as Raffy Tima, is a Filipino journalist, producer and presenter for GMA Network and its affiliate, GMA News TV.
Monseñor Nouel is a province of the Dominican Republic. It was split from La Vega in 1982.
Kominek is a village in Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Kominek. It lies approximately 17 kilometres east of Kalisz and 118 km south-east of the regional capital Pozna.
Perrysburg is a city and southern suburb of Toledo located in Wood County, Ohio, United States, along the south side of the Maumee River. The population was 20,623 at the 2010 census. It was founded before and is part of the Toledo Metropolitan area, a large port city located about 12 miles further up the Maumee River. It is the second largest suburb of Toledo and the second largest city in Wood county, after the county seat of Bowling Green.
Zurmat is a district in Paktia Province, Afghanistan. The main town is Zurmat, which is one of the main cities of the region of Loya Paktia.
Mike Manuel is a Christian country music artist based out of Nashville, Tennessee.
Patrice Garande is a French retired footballer who played as a striker, and is the manager of Toulouse FC.
Buccheri is a town and comune in the Province of Syracuse, Sicily.
Trilport is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Lieutenant General Herbert R. Temple Jr. is a career military officer who served as Chief of the National Guard Bureau.
Cafeteria roenbergensis virus is a giant virus that infects the marine bicosoecid flagellate Cafeteria roenbergensis, a member of the microzooplankton community.
Flogging Molly is an Irish–American Celtic punk band. It is led by Irish vocalist Dave King. They are signed to their own record label, Borstal Beat Records.
Bagnoli is a village in Tuscany, central Italy, administratively a frazione of the comune of Arcidosso, province of Grosseto, in the area of Mount Amiata. At the time of the 2001 census its population amounted to 359.
Kaitlin Willow Olson is an American actress, producer and comedian. She is best known for her role as Sweet Dee Reynolds on the FX comedy series It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, which had her starring since 2005.
Yanina Sergeevna Studilina is a Russian theater and film actress, fashion model, TV presenter.
Knighton is a hamlet part of the parish of Adbaston in the county of Staffordshire, England.
The Siege of Bredevoort in 1597 was a siege of Bredevoort by the military forces led by Maurice of Nassau, Prince of Orange, during the Eighty Years War and the Anglo-Spanish War. The siege lasted from 1 October until 9 October; after that day Bredevoort was occupied by the besiegers. The siege was part of a campaign during which Maurice conquered the cities Turnhout, Alphen, Rijnberk, Meurs, Bredevoort, Groenlo, Goor, Enschede, Oldenzaal, Ootmarsum, and Lingen.
A special election was held in the U.S. state of Minnesota on February 12, 2018, to elect a new senator for District 54 in the Minnesota Senate, caused by the resignation of Dan Schoen effective on December 15, 2017. A primary election was held on January 29, 2018, to nominate a Republican candidate. It coincided with the Minnesota House of Representatives District 23B special election. The Democratic–Farmer–Labor nominee, Karla Bigham, won the special election.
The 203 series is an Electric Multiple Unit train type operated in Japan between 1982 and 2011 by Japanese National Railways and later by East Japan Railway Company, and currently operated by Kereta Commuter Indonesia in Indonesia and Philippine National Railways in the Philippines.
Blanca Liliana Moreno Canchon is a Colombian professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's Continental Team Astana.
Lepyrodia is a plant genus in the family Restionaceae, described as a genus in 1810.
The transmembrane cation channel superfamily was defined in InterPro and Pfam as the family of tetrameric ion channels. These include the sodium, potassium, calcium, ryanodine receptor, HCN, CNG, CatSper, and TRP channels. This large group of ion channels apparently includes families 1.A.1, 1.A.2, 1.A.3, and 1.A.4 of the TCDB transporter classification.
Sterculia balanghas is a species of plant in the family Malvaceae. It is native to India and Sri Lanka. Leaves are simple, alternate; swollen at base and tipped; lamina elliptic, obovate, oblong, elliptic-ovate or oblong-ovate; base subcordate or round; apex acuminate; with entire margin. Flowers may be unisexual or polygamous are yellow or greenish-purple in color. Inflorescence show terminal or axillary panicles. Orange to red colored fruit is oblong and seeds are black in color.
Wahneta is a census-designated place in Polk County, Florida, United States. The population was 4,731 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Lakeland–Winter Haven Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Birmenstorf is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
"Gunpo, formerly romanized as Kunp'o, is a small city in South Korea's Gyeonggi Province, located south of Seoul in the Seoul National Capital Area. It borders Anyang to the north, Uiwang to the east, and Ansan to the south and west, and is connected to its neighbors and to Seoul by lines 1 and 4 of the Seoul Metropolitan Subway. Gunpo is also home to three stops on the Gyeongbu Line, a national railway that links it to the rest of the country. Although 73.2% of the city is greenspace, owing largely to Surisan and various smaller mountains, Gunpo is home to over 286,000 residents in several urban areas. The city's downtown core is Sanbon New Town, a commercial hub which centers on a pedestrian ""street of culture"" that Gunpo has designated as one of its eight scenic locations.
Dunscore was one of the four principal stations on the Cairn Valley Light Railway branch, from Dumfries. It served the rural area of Dunscore in Dumfries and Galloway. The line was closed to passengers during the war in WW2.
Class S was a class of 20 twin-axle trams and 12 trailers built by Schuckert & Co. and Busch for Kristiania Kommunale Sporveie in 1899. The trams were originally 7.8 meters long and 2.0 meters wide. They featured wooden benches in the longitudinal direction seating twenty. The motor cars had two motors providing a combined power output of 51 kilowatts. The motor cars weighed 9.3 tonnes, while the trailers weighed 6.4 tonnes.
McIlhenny's four-eyed opossum is a South American species of Opossum. Found in Brazil and Peru, it is almost entirely black, except for white spots above each eye.
Gdask Main Town Hall is a historic Ratusz located in the Gdask Main City borough of ródmiecie. It is one of the finest examples of the Gothic-Renaissance historic buildings in the city, built at the intersection of Ulica Duga and Dugi Targ, in the most popular part of Gdask. The Main Town Hall in Gdask houses the History Museum of the City of Gdask.
Clare Mary Louise Francis Gerada, Lady Wessely MBE FRCP FRCGP FRCPsych is a London-based general practitioner who was chairperson of the Council of the Royal College of General Practitioners from 2010 to 2013. She has professional interests in mental health and substance misuse.
Myiomela is a genus of bird in the family Muscicapidae. Some members have sometimes been included in the genus Cinclidium and the phylogeny has not been resolved completely.
Guarino Veronese or Guarino da Verona was an early figure in the Italian Renaissance.
The Bank of Joseon or Bank of Chosen was the central bank of Colonial Korea, and of South Korea. The bank issued the Korean yen from 1910 to 1945 and the won from 1945 to 1950.
One Park West is a 17-storey building in central Liverpool, England, designed by architect César Pelli. Bordering Chavasse Park, it is part of Liverpool One, a 42-acre £920m redevelopment of Liverpool's city centre. The developer was the Duke of Westminster's Grosvenor Group. One Park West consists of 326 apartments, offices, restaurants, cafés and parking. Blocks B and A of One Park West are the 21st and 31st tallest buildings in Liverpool respectively.
Caroline Fitzgerald was an American poet and litteratrice who spent most of her adult life in Europe, particularly Italy. Although not fabulously rich, she was wealthy enough to move to and fro between The Gilded Age in America and La Belle Époque in Europe. Inspired by Robert Browning's verse, she published a volume of poetry which was well received at the time but which eventually became almost forgotten. She married into the English aristocracy to Lord Edmond Fitzmaurice until she was able to get the marriage annulled after a few years.
The Arena of Nîmes is a Roman amphitheatre, situated in the French city of Nîmes. Built around 70 CE, shortly after the Coliseum of Rome, it is one of the best-preserved Roman amphitheatres in the world. It is 133 meters long and 101 meters wide, with an arena measuring 68 meters by 38 meters. The outer facade is 21 meters high with two stories of 60 arcades. It is among the 20 largest Roman amphitheatres of the 400 in existence. In Roman times, the building could hold 24,000 spectators, who were spread over 34 tiers of terraces divided into four self-contained zones or maeniana. The arena served as a public event theatre built by the Romans as well as a gladiator fighting arena.
Central Luzon Link Expressway is a toll road currently under construction in the Central Luzon region. It will connect the Subic–Clark–Tarlac Expressway and Tarlac–Pangasinan–La Union Expressway to the currently under-construction North Luzon East Expressway in Cabanatuan towards San Jose, Nueva Ecija.
Cynosurus echinatus is a species of grass known by the common names bristly dogstail grass, rough dog's-tail and hedgehog dogtail. It is native to southern Europe, and it is known in the Americas and Australia as an introduced species and sometimes a noxious weed. An herbicide-resistant strain can be found growing as a weed in canola and wheat fields in Chile. This is an annual grass growing 10 to 50 centimeters tall. The inflorescence is a rounded or oval cluster or series of clusters of spikelets. The fertile spikelet has an awn up to a centimeter long. The awns clumped closely together into a tuft gives the inflorescence its bristly, hairy appearance.
Jean-Pierre Wallot, OC FRSC was a Canadian historian, educator, civil servant and former National Archivist of Canada.
The 86th Fighter Wing is a disbanded unit of the United States Air Force, last stationed at Buckley Field, Denver, Colorado. It was withdrawn from the Colorado Air National Guard and inactivated on 31 October 1950.
"Bombardino is a drink popular in Italy during the winter and August, especially in the ski resorts. It is made by mixing 1/2 Advocaat or eggnog and 1/2 Brandy. It is served hot and with whipped cream on top. It has several variations: with coffee, with rum or whisky. The calimero variation is one part Brandy, one part Vov, and one part espresso. The Bombardino's name is supposedly derived from one of its first imbibers noting its hot temperature and high alcohol and remarking ""It's like a bomb!""."
Oren Hawxhurst is an American professional wrestler, professional wrestling promoter, actor, and stuntman. He is best known under the ring name Luke Hawx and is also known for his time in Xtreme Pro Wrestling under the ring name Altar Boy Luke, along with being the founder and current CEO of Wildkat Sports. He has appeared in box office hits like Logan and The Fate of the Furious.
Roxanne Swentzell is a Santa Clara Tewa Native American sculptor, ceramic artist, Indigenous food activist, and gallerist. Her artworks are in major public collections and she has won numerous awards.
Tsuya Station is a railway station in the town of Tozawa, Yamagata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
"Odanak is an Abenaki First Nations reserve in the Centre-du-Québec region, Quebec, Canada. The mostly First Nations population as of the Canada 2006 Census was 469. The territory is located near the mouth of the Saint-François River at its confluence with the St. Lawrence River. It is partly within the limits of Pierreville and across the river from Saint-François-du-Lac. Odanak is an Abenaki word meaning ""in the village""."
The Ministry of Education is a Thai governmental body responsible for the oversight of education in Thailand. It was established by King Rama V in 1892 as the Ministry of Public Instruction which controlled religion, education, healthcare, and museums. In 1941, the ministry changed its Thai name to the present one.
Arseniy Yudilyevich Naydyonov, commonly known as Arsen Naydyonov, was a Russian professional football coach. He was born as Arseniy Rozman and took his wife's last name after the wedding, deciding his original Jewish last name would not help him in his career.
Pirogoshi Cave is the largest cave in Albania. It is 1500 m long and is located near Çorovodë, Radesh village, Skrapar.
Clinton is a city in Henry County, Missouri, United States. The population was 9,008 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Henry County.
Franklin Township is one of the sixteen townships of Ross County, Ohio, United States. The 2000 census found 1,671 people in the township.
Shane Bergman is a Canadian football offensive lineman for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League. He was drafted by the Stampeders in the sixth round of the 2013 CFL Draft. He played CIS football at the University of Western Ontario and attended Waterford District High School in Waterford, Ontario.
Motherwell and Wishaw is a burgh constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It was created in 1974, mostly from the former Motherwell constituency. In 1983, it was split into two constituencies, Motherwell North and Motherwell South; but these were amalgamated in 1997 to recreate the old Motherwell and Wishaw constituency.
Patrick Franziska is a German table tennis player. He is currently sponsored by Butterfly and plays with FC Saarbrücken-TT in the German Bundesliga.
The Medal of Ushakov is a state decoration of the Russian Federation that was retained from the awards system of the USSR post 1991.
Dorothy Maud Wrinch was a mathematician and biochemical theorist best known for her attempt to deduce protein structure using mathematical principles. She was a champion of the controversial 'cyclol' hypothesis for the structure of proteins.
The Kia Rio is a subcompact car produced by the South Korean manufacturer Kia Motors since November 1999 and now in its fourth generation. Body styles have included a three and five-door hatchback and four-door sedan, equipped with inline-four gasoline and diesel engines, and front-wheel drive.
Lawrence Reginald Smith, SM, MMM, SAStC, is a General Officer in the South African Army. General Smith completed the South African Army Command and Staff Duties Course at the South African Army College, Pretoria over the period January 1994 until November 1995. Smith graduated from the US Army Command and General Staff College in Leavenworth, Kansas, in 1997 and the People's Liberation Army of China, National Defense College, Beijing, in 2008.
"Bongshar is an important village in Kamrup district in the Indian state of Assam. It is situated on the north bank of the river Brahmaputra, about 25 km from the capital city of Assam, Guwahati under is a block of Kamrup District. It has a large number of cottage industry engaged in handloom, for which is a part of Sualkuchi, also known as the ""Manchester of Assam""."
The white-eyed foliage-gleaner is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in forests and old second growth in south-eastern Brazil, eastern Paraguay and far north-eastern Argentina. Until recently, it included the Pernambuco foliage-gleaner as a subspecies.
Alicante is one of the 59 constituencies represented in the Senate, the upper chamber of the Spanish parliament, the Cortes Generales. The constituency elects four senators. Its boundaries correspond to those of the Spanish province of Alicante. The electoral system uses an open list partial block voting, with electors voting for individual candidates instead of parties. Electors can vote for up to three candidates.
Fairfax is a town in southeastern Gregory County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 115 at the 2010 census.
The International X-ray Observatory is a cancelled X-ray telescope that was to be launched in 2021 as a joint effort by NASA, the European Space Agency, and the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency. In May 2008, ESA and NASA established a coordination group involving all three agencies, with the intent of exploring a joint mission merging the ongoing XEUS and Constellation-X projects. This proposed the start of a joint study for IXO. NASA was forced to cancel the observatory due to budget constrains in fiscal year 2012. ESA however decided to reboot the mission on its own developing Advanced Telescope for High Energy Astrophysics as a part of Cosmic Vision program.
Béla Köpeczi was a Hungarian cultural historian and politician, who served as Minister of Education between 1982 and 1988. He was the Secretary-General of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences from 1972 to 1975.
Berlin-Wittenau is a railway station in the Wittenau district of Berlin, Germany. It is served by the Berlin S-Bahn and numerous local buses. It is also the northern terminus of the Berlin U-Bahn line.
Partner was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He won six of his seven races before being retired to stud where he was the Leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland four times, and continued the Byerley Turk sire-line.
Pawe Delg is a Polish actor.
Hranice is a border town in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic. It has a population of about 2,100.
Haakon IV Haakonsson, sometimes called Haakon the Old in contrast to his namesake son, was King of Norway from 1217 to 1263. His reign lasted for 46 years, longer than any Norwegian king since Harald Fairhair. Haakon was born into the troubled civil war era in Norway, but his reign eventually managed to put an end to the internal conflicts. At the start of his reign, during his minority, Earl Skule Bårdsson served as regent. As a king of the birkebeiner faction, Haakon defeated the uprising of the final bagler royal pretender, Sigurd Ribbung, in 1227. He put a definitive end to the civil war era when he had Skule Bårdsson killed in 1240, a year after he had himself proclaimed king in opposition to Haakon. Haakon thereafter formally appointed his own son as his co-regent.
Jgashima Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on the island of Jgashima in the city of Miura, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan, off the southernmost and western tip of Miura Peninsula, facing Sagami Bay. It is the fourth oldest western style lighthouse to be built in Japan, and the second oldest surviving to the present day.
Keiraville is a heritage-listed detached house at 20 Roderick Street, Ipswich, City of Ipswich, Queensland, Australia. It was built c. 1880s. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 9 July 1993.
Admiral is a four-star commissioned naval officer rank in the Swedish Navy. Admiral ranks immediately above vice admiral and is equivalent to general.
Kazuto Kushida is a Japanese football player.
The Division of Melbourne is an Australian Electoral Division of Victoria. It was one of the first 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. It includes the City of Melbourne and the suburbs of Abbotsford, Ascot Vale, Carlton, Clifton Hill, Colllingwood, Docklands, North Melbourne, West Melbourne, East Melbourne, Fitzroy, Fitzroy North, Flemington, Kensington, Parkville, Richmond, and parts of Brunswick and Brunswick East. It was named after the city of Melbourne, which was named in 1838 for Lord Melbourne, the British Prime Minister.
Feteti is a city in Ialomia County, Muntenia, Romania. It is located in the Brgan plain, on the Borcea branch of the Danube. Feteti has the second largest population in Ialomia, after Slobozia.
The Anglican Holy Trinity Church in Norton Malreward, Somerset, England dates from the late 12th century. It has been designated as a Grade II listed building.
The second USS San Jacinto (CVL-30) of the United States Navy was an Independence-class light aircraft carrier that served during World War II. She was named for the Battle of San Jacinto during the Texas Revolution. Former U.S. President George H.W. Bush served aboard the ship during World War II.
Papilio peranthus is a butterfly of the family Papilionidae. It is found in Indonesia.
Recoules-Prévinquières is a former commune in the Aveyron department in southern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Sévérac-d'Aveyron.
The Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela held presidential elections on 3 December 2006, to choose a president for the six-year term to begin on 10 January 2007. The contest was between incumbent President Hugo Chávez, and Zulia Governor Manuel Rosales of the opposition party UNT.
The Borugak Jagyeongnu, classified as a scientific instrument, is the 229th National Treasure of South Korea and was designated by the South Korean government on March 3, 1985. The water clock is currently held and managed by the National Palace Museum of Korea in Seoul. It dates to the time of King SeoJong of the Joseon Dynasty.
Cyprogenia is a genus of freshwater mussels, aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Unionidae.
Clifton Lane is a sports stadium located in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England. It is the home ground of the professional rugby union team Rotherham Titans who play in the National League 1.
Glashedy Island is an uninhabited island approximately 1 mile off Pollen strand, 2 miles west of Trawbreaga Bay, and about 7 kilometres south of Malin Head, Donegal, Ireland. Glashedy Island has an area of 22,548 m² which is equivalent to 2.25 hectares. At its highest point, it is 119 ft high.
The Culgoa National Park is a protected national park that is located in the north-west region of New South Wales, in eastern Australia. The 35,239-hectare national park is located approximately 660 kilometres northwest of Sydney. The nearest town is Brewarrina, 120 kilometres away. The park's northern boundary is defined by part of the state border between New South Wales and Queensland.
Fürth is a city in the German state Bavaria, next to Nuremberg.
Ferenc Szekeres is a retired long-distance runner from Hungary, who twice won the Amsterdam Marathon, in 1979 and 1981. He represented his native country in at two Summer Olympics: 1972 and 1980.
The Strasberry or Fragaria × ananassa 'Mieze Schindler' is a variety of the garden strawberry, with a raspberry-like appearance, originally developed by the German breeder Otto Schindler in 1925. It is similarly soft textured, with characteristics that are similar to raspberries, such as being a deeper red, being rounder and having a bumpy exterior. They are also smaller than an average garden strawberry and have deeper achenes. Unlike other garden strawberry varieties 'Mieze Schindler' produces no fertile pollen and will need a pollinator. Despite its much-valued flavor the variety was threatened by extinction but plants survived in amateur gardens in the former German Democratic Republic until they were reintroduced as a commercial variety by a Dutch farmer in the twenty-first century.
The Austin–Bergstrom International Airport runway incident on May 7, 2020, involved an adult male pedestrian who breached the airport's security and was fatally struck by a Boeing 737-700 operated on Southwest Airlines Flight 1392 as it landed on runway 17R. No injuries to passengers or crew in the aircraft were reported, however the plane sustained damage to its left engine nacelle.
Who Is To Blame is a utility that processes the warnings/errors from Microsoft Visual Studio and then uses the Subversion Blame tool to generate a report of which software developer added/amended the line causing the warning/error. It is free software released under the GNU General Public License. It uses SVN and Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5.
Merritt Township is a civil township of Bay County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The township's population was 1,441 as of the 2010 census. It is included in the Bay City Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Massimo Volta is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Serie B club Benevento.
Kendriya Vidyalaya, Mati is a system of central government schools under the Ministry of Human Resource Development India. It is located near district headquarters of Kanpur Dehat district on National High Way No.2
Monroe County is a county in the Finger Lakes region of New York, in the United States. The county is along Lake Ontario's southern shore. As of 2019, Monroe County's population was 741,770, a decrease since the 2010 census. Its county seat and largest city is the city of Rochester. The county is named after James Monroe, the fifth President of the United States. Monroe County is part of the Rochester, NY Metropolitan Statistical Area. The current County Executive is Adam Bello.
Húcares is a barrio in the municipality of Naguabo, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 2,918.
Pavel Petrovich Bazhov was a Russian writer.
Sir Oliver Mowat, GCMG PC QC was a Canadian lawyer, politician, and Liberal Party leader. He served for nearly 24 years as the third Premier of Ontario. He was the eighth Lieutenant Governor of Ontario and one of the Fathers of Confederation. He is best known for defending successfully the constitutional rights of the provinces in the face of the centralizing tendency of the national government as represented by his longtime conservative adversary, John A. Macdonald. This longevity and power was due to his political maneuvering, in terms of building a political base around Liberals, Catholics, trade unions, and anti-French-Canadian sentiment.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Concepción is an archdiocese located in the city of Concepción in Chile.
Glenn Cozen is an American professional poker player from Pasadena, California, who is best known for his second-place finish in the $10,000 buy-in Main Event at the 1993 World Series of Poker.
Radicofani is a comune in the Province of Siena in the Italian region Tuscany, located in the natural park of Val d'Orcia about 110 kilometres southeast of Florence and about 60 kilometres southeast of Siena.
Phyllocnistis drimiphaga is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known only from cloud forests above 2000 m in Cordillera de Talamanca and Central Conservation Area in Costa Rica.
House of Leona Panajot is at 31 Francuska Street in Belgrade, in the city municipality of Stari grad. It was built in 1908, and represents immovable cultural property as a cultural monument.
The Hungarian–Romanian War was fought between Hungary and Romania from 13 November 1918 to 3 August 1919. It started as a Romanian military campaign on the eastern parts of the self-disarmed Kingdom of Hungary on 13 November 1918, and continued against the First Hungarian Republic, and from March 1919 against the Hungarian Soviet Republic. The Romanian Army occupied large parts of Hungary until 28 March 1920, when eventually retreated back to the demarcation lines.
"The 2010 World Junior Figure Skating Championships was an international competition in the 2009–10 season. Commonly called ""World Juniors"" and ""Junior Worlds"", the annual event awards medals in the disciplines men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing.
Prionus komarowi is a species of longhorn beetle native to Central Asia. This species is known from the deserts of Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Kazakhstan and Tajikistan. Males measure up to 19 mm, while females measure up to 47 mm.
Vitex negundo, commonly known as the Chinese chaste tree, five-leaved chaste tree, or horseshoe vitex, or nisinda  is a large aromatic shrub with quadrangular, densely whitish, tomentose branchlets. It is widely used in folk medicine, particularly in South and Southeast Asia.
Guthrie County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2010 census, the population was 10,954. The county seat is Guthrie Center. The county was formed on January 15, 1851 and named after Captain Edwin B. Guthrie, who had died in the Mexican–American War.
Joshua James Shaw is an American football defensive back who is currently a free agent. He played college football at the University of Southern California.
Songpanaru is a station on Seoul Subway Line 9. It was opened on December 1, 2018.
The Onondaga County Savings Bank was chartered in 1855 in Syracuse, New York. It was a franchise ahead of its time and had four separate branches by the late 19th century. The Onondaga County Savings Bank Building was constructed in 1897 adjacent to the Erie Canal in Clinton Square.
Takayuki Kanamori is a former Japanese professional baseball pitcher. He formally played for the Chiba Lotte Marines from 2013 to 2017 and Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters from 2007 to 2010.
O Rappa was a Brazilian reggae/rock band from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Combining many styles such as rock, reggae, funk, hip hop and samba, O Rappa's songs contain sharp protests against the social problems in Brazil and the members of the band themselves are supporters of numerous social projects.
The MS UND Adriyatik is a RO-RO freighter owned by the Turkish company U.N Ro-Ro letmeleri A.. It went into service on 1 September 2001, after being built in the Flensburger Schiffbau Gesellschaft shipyard in Flensburg, Germany. It was used for transporting goods between Pendik, Turkey and Trieste, Italy. UND Adriyatik caught fire on 6 February 2008 off the coast of Istria, Croatia, just outside Croatian territorial waters.
Swindon railway works was opened by the Great Western Railway in 1843 in Swindon, Wiltshire, England. It served as the principal west England maintenance centre until closed in 1986.
Cortinarius anomalus, also known as the variable webcap, is a basidiomycete fungus of the genus Cortinarius. It produces a medium-sized mushroom with a grayish-brown cap up to 5 cm wide, gray-violet gills and a whitish stem with pale yellow belts below. The mushroom grows solitarily or in scattered groups on the ground in deciduous and coniferous forests. It is found throughout the temperate zone of the northern hemisphere.
Eucalyptus alligatrix, commonly known as the silver stringybark, is a tree endemic to southeastern Australia. It has rough, fibrous bark on the trunk and branches, lance-shaped adult leaves, flower buds usually arranged in groups of three, white flowers and cup-shaped, bell-shaped or cone-shaped fruit.
The Persian Arabs or Arabs in Khorasan are a group of Arabs who immigrated to Khorasan Province, Iran, during the Abbasid Caliphate.
"Scutus is a genus of large sea snails or limpets with the common name ""shield shells"". These are marine gastropod molluscs in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.
Deal is a borough in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States, settled by European immigrants in the mid-1660s and named after an English carpenter from Deal, Kent. As of the 2010 Census, the borough's population was 750, reflecting a decline of 320 from the 1,070 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn declined by 109 from the 1,179 counted in the 1990 Census.
Adeline Oppenheim Guimard was an American painter noted for her portraits in gouache and colored crayons.
Schierensee is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
The Chugai' Pictograph Site is a prehistoric rock art site on the island of Rota in the Northern Mariana Islands. The rock art is located in a limestone cave on the southeastern side of the island, in the I'Chenchon Bird Sanctuary. It consists of a large panel, 185 feet in length, of about 90 painted drawings, believed to be of late pre-contact origin. The site is accessed via a trail cut by the Japanese during the South Seas Mandate period.
Beluran is the capital of the Beluran District in the Sandakan Division of Sabah, Malaysia. Its population was estimated to be around 3,132 in 2010. The population is a mixture of many ethnic groups, with the Kadazan-Dusun, Tidong and Orang Sungai communities being the four largest components. The town is located about 88 kilometres from Sandakan town.
The Select Precision Effects At Range Capability 3 is a future British air-to-ground and possibly anti-ship missile.
Oelice is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Knžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
Dominik Olejniczak is a Polish professional basketball player for Trefl Sopot of the Polish Basketball League. He played college basketball for the Drake Bulldogs, the Ole Miss Rebels and the Florida State Seminoles.
There are over 2500 listed buildings in Liverpool, England. A listed building is one considered to be of special architectural, historical or cultural significance, which is protected from being demolished, extended or altered, unless special permission is granted by the relevant planning authorities. Of the listed buildings in Liverpool, 27 are classified as Grade I listed and are recognised as buildings of outstanding architectural or historic interest. The following list provides information on all the Grade I listed buildings in the city.
isovice is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
The Boulevard de la Bastille is the southwestern-most street of the 12th arrondissement of Paris, situated in the quartier called Quinze-Vingts. It overlooks the east side of the Paris marina, known as the Port de Plaisance or Port de l'Arsenal, with which it forms a boundary with the 4th arrondissement of Paris. The boulevard also lies directly north of the border between the 5th arrondissement and the 13th arrondissement of Paris.
Timothy Eaton Memorial Church, in Toronto, Ontario, was erected at 230 St. Clair Avenue West in 1914 as a Methodist congregation, and it was named for department store founder Timothy Eaton. It is currently a United Church, and is a member of the Churches on the Hill.
IRC +10216 or CW Leonis is a well-studied carbon star that is embedded in a thick dust envelope. It was first discovered in 1969 by a group of astronomers led by Eric Becklin, based upon infrared observations made with the 62 inches Caltech Infrared Telescope at Mount Wilson Observatory. Its energy is emitted mostly at infrared wavelengths. At a wavelength of 5 m, it was found to have the highest flux of any object outside the Solar System.
Edward la Zouche, 11th Baron Zouche of Harringworth, Northamptonshire, 12th Baron St Maur was an English diplomat. He is remembered chiefly for his lone vote against the condemnation of Mary, Queen of Scots, and for organising the ill-fated stag-hunt where his guest, the Archbishop of Canterbury, accidentally killed a man.
Eagle-Vail is a former census-designated place and unincorporated community in Eagle County, Colorado, United States, along Interstate 70 and the Eagle River. The population was 2,887 at the 2000 census. The area was not returned separately by census enumerators in 2010.
Kealkill is a small village in County Cork, Ireland, located 10.3 kilometres from Bantry and 75.8 kilometres from Cork City. Its amenities include a church, a shop, a school, a community playgroup, two public houses and a GAA club.
Mount Arlington is a borough in Morris County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the borough's population was 5,050, reflecting an increase of 387 from the 4,663 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 1,033 from the 3,630 counted in the 1990 Census.
Washington Township is one of the twenty townships of Darke County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 1,325 people in the township.
Jung Chan-woo, also known by his stage name Chan, is a South Korean singer, actor and member of South Korean boy group iKon under YG Entertainment. He is known for playing the younger counterparts of Lee Minho in both Boys Over Flowers and The Heirs.
Wolfgang Engels is a former civilian employee of the East German National People's Army, employed as a car mechanic and driver, who in 1963 used a stolen armoured personnel carrier BTR-152 to escape to West Germany by breaking through the Berlin Wall.
The San Augustine County Courthouse and Jail is a historic courthouse located at the corner of Main and Broadway in San Augustine, Texas. The structure was designed by architect Shirley Simons and built in 1927 by the firm of Campbell and White. The courthouse has an exterior facade made of Texas lueders limestone with green Ludowicki tile on the roof and matching trim. The building reflects a Classical Revival style of architecture. The building includes one of the largest courtrooms in East Texas, featuring two-story Palladian-style windows. A statute of James Pinckney Henderson, the first Governor of Texas, was installed in front of the courthouse in 1937. The courthouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. The listing included two contributing buildings and one contributing object. The Texas Historical Commission provided San Augustine County with a $3.7 million grant to restore the courthouse.
Lactifluus volemus, formerly known as Lactarius volemus, is a species of fungus in the family Russulaceae. It is widely distributed in the northern hemisphere, in temperate regions of Europe, North America and Asia as well as some subtropical and tropical regions of Central America and Asia. A mycorrhizal fungus, its fruit bodies grow on the ground at the base of various species of trees from summer to autumn, either individually or in groups. It is valued as an edible mushroom, and is sold in markets in Asia. Several other Lactifluus mushrooms resemble L. volemus, such as the closely related edible species L. corrugis, but these can be distinguished by differences in distribution, visible morphology, and microscopic characteristics. L. volemus produces a white spore print and has roughly spherical spores about 7–8 micrometres in diameter.
Jacek Krzynówek is a former Polish footballer. One of the most glorious moments of his career was scoring a rocket shot against Real Madrid in the 2004–05 UEFA Champions League.
Boisgervilly is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
The Bremen S-Bahn is an S-Bahn network in Germany, covering the Bremen/Oldenburg Metropolitan Region, from Bremerhaven in the north to Twistringen in the south and Bad Zwischenahn and Oldenburg in the west. It has been in operation since 2010. This network unified existing regional transport in Bremen as well as surrounding cities, including Bremerhaven, Delmenhorst, Twistringen, Nordenham, Oldenburg, and Verden an der Aller. The network lies completely within the area of the Bremen-Lower Saxony Transport Association, whose tariff structure applies.
Lee Christopher Trundle is an English footballer who plays as a striker for Cymru South side Ammanford. He also works as the club ambassador and youth team coach for Championship side Swansea City.
Forest-en-Cambrésis is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Hoard is a town in Clark County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 594 at the 2000 census.
Odhrán Mac Niallais is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Gaoth Dobhair and, formerly, the Donegal county team.
In computer programming, assembly language, often abbreviated asm, is any low-level programming language in which there is a very strong correspondence between the instructions in the language and the architecture's machine code instructions. Because assembly depends on the machine code instructions, every assembler has its own assembly language which is designed for exactly one specific computer architecture. Assembly language may also be called symbolic machine code.
The Chatfield Public Library is a public library in Chatfield, Minnesota. It is a member of Southeastern Libraries Cooperating, the SE Minnesota library region.
The No.251 class auxiliary submarine chaser was a class of submarine chasers of the Imperial Japanese Navy, serving during World War II. 3 vessels were built in 1936 – 1939 under the Maru 2 Programme. They have two sub classes, this article handles them collectively.
Cherokee is a city and county seat of Alfalfa County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 1,498 at the 2010 census, a loss of 8.1 percent from 1,630 at the 2000 census.
Alain Knuser is a Swiss bobsledder. He competed in the four-man event at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Tomino Station is a railway station on the AbukumaExpress in the city of Date, Fukushima Japan.
Las Vegas Club was a hotel and casino located on the Fremont Street Experience in downtown Las Vegas, Nevada. The Las Vegas Club opened in 1930, and it was relocated across the street in 1949. At its new location, the Las Vegas Club operated within the Overland Hotel, which was established in 1906. The Las Vegas Club closed on August 20, 2015, and was demolished two years later to be replaced by a new project. Circa Resort & Casino is scheduled to open on the property in October 2020.
The Church of St Mary in Wedmore, Somerset, England is predominantly from the 15th century, although some 12th- and 13th-century work survives. It has been designated as a Grade I listed building.
Nicolas Flamel was a French scribe and manuscript-seller. After his death, Flamel developed a reputation as an alchemist believed to have discovered the philosopher's stone and to have thereby achieved immortality. These legendary accounts first appeared in the 17th century.
Bradley Warren Snyder is an American swimmer on the United States Paralympic team who competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London and the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio. Snyder won two Gold medals and one Silver at London and three Gold and one Silver at Rio. He lost his eyesight from an IED explosion while serving in the United States Navy in Afghanistan. Among fully blind swimmers, he is the current world record holder for the 100-meter freestyle events.
Callopanchax occidentalis is a species of killifish in the family Nothobranchiidae. It is endemic to Sierra Leone and western Liberia.
"WASP-31b is a low-density ""hot Jupiter"" extrasolar planet orbiting the metal-poor dwarf star WASP-31. The exoplanet was discovered in 2010 by the WASP project. WASP-31b is in the constellation of Crater, and is about 1305 light-years from Earth."
The FV603 Saracen is a six-wheeled armoured personnel carrier built by Alvis and used by the British Army. It became a recognisable vehicle as a result of its part in the policing of Northern Ireland as well as for its role in enforcing apartheid in South Africa. It is still in use in secondary roles in some countries.
The Essex Yeomanry was a Reserve unit of the British Army that originated in 1797 as local Yeomanry Cavalry Troops in Essex. Reformed after the experience gained in the Second Boer War, it saw active service as cavalry in World War I and as artillery in World War II. Its lineage is maintained by 36 Signal Squadron, part of 71 Signal Regiment, Royal Corps of Signals.
Mauro Matías Zárate is an Argentine footballer who plays as a forward for Boca Juniors.
Sergei Viktorovich Kozko is a Russian football coach and a former player who is currently a goalkeeping coach with FC Rubin Kazan.
Brenner tumors are an uncommon subtype of the surface epithelial-stromal tumor group of ovarian neoplasms. The majority are benign, but some can be malignant.
Milford is a city in Seward County, Nebraska, United States. It is part of the Lincoln, Nebraska Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 2,090 at the 2010 census.
The Lordship of Winneburg and Beilstein was a territory of the Holy Roman Empire made of non-contiguous parts located in the Moselle Valley around Winneburg Castle near Cochem, and Beilstein, on the Moselle River. It should not be confused with the County of Beilstein, or Nassau-Beilstein, which belonged to the House of Nassau.
Koín is a village and municipality in Plze-North District in the Plze Region of the Czech Republic.
Bruno Carotenuto is an Italian actor. He is known for playing Antonio Baxter in A Fistful of Dollars, and Tom Strike in La sceriffa.
Parliamentary elections were held in Hungary on 25 and 26 January 1920. However, they were only held in 164 districts. After the Treaty of Trianon was signed, the 44 districts previously occupied by Romania voted between 13 June and 5 July, whilst the 11 districts occupied by Serbia did not vote until 30 and 31 October 1921. The election was held with compulsory voting. In protest at this and other changes to the franchise that left 60% of the voting age population unable to vote, the Hungarian Social Democratic Party boycotted the elections, and called for its supporters to cast invalid votes, resulting in an unusually high number of blank or invalid votes - 11.8% in the January elections and over 20% in Budapest and other major cities.
The Finger Lakes Railway is a Class III railroad in the Finger Lakes region of New York.
The 35th International 500-Mile Sweepstakes was held at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway on Wednesday, May 30, 1951. The event was part of the 1951 AAA National Championship Trail, and was also race 2 of 8 in the 1951 World Championship of Drivers. For the second year in a row, no European Formula One-based teams entered the race.
Sait Dsan, also known as Sait Toshimasa, was a Japanese samurai during the Sengoku period.
Rustam Orujov is an Azerbaijani judoka. He competed in the men's 73 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics; after defeating Gideon van Zyl in the second round, he was eliminated by Mansur Isaev in the third round. He won the silver medal in the men's 73 kg event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Kim Min-soo is a South Korean former judoka, professional mixed martial artist and K-1 kickboxer. He is best known for becoming a K-1 World Grand Prix 2006 in Seoul finalist and also winning earning a Silver Medal in Judo at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. He is also known for his fights with WWE professional wrestler and UFC heavyweight champion Brock Lesnar, WWE wrestler and K-1 fighter Sean O'Haire, and NFL player turned kickboxer and New Japan Pro Wrestling contender Bob Sapp. Min-soo holds a notable kickboxing win over Muay Thai world champion Mourad Bouzidi. He announced his retirement from contact sports in 2011, with subsequent stints as color commentator for Japanese and Korean mixed martial arts and professional wrestling events. Kim is also the head judo coach for the Korean Top Team.
The River Ingol is a small river in the west of the English county of Norfolk.
Bánh bao is a Vietnamese bun based on the Cantonese dai bao brought to Vietnam by Cantonese immigrants. It is a ball-shaped bun containing pork or chicken meat, onions, eggs, mushrooms and vegetables, in Vietnamese cuisine. It often has Chinese sausage and a portion of a hard-boiled egg inside. Bánh bao are generally larger than baozi, and are filled with savory fillings, the most common being seasoned ground pork and quail egg. A vegetarian version of bánh bao also exists.
La Alberca is a municipality in the province of Salamanca in the autonomous community of Castilla y León, Spain. It is the capital of Sierra de Francia Comarca.
The 1991 Indonesian Air Force Lockheed C-130 Hercules crash happened on 5 October 1991 when and Indonesian Air Force Lockheed C-130H-30 Hercules, A-1324, crashed shortly after takeoff from Jakarta-Halim Perdana Kusuma Airport due to an engine fire.
Moorfields Eye Hospital is a specialist NHS eye hospital in St Luke's in London, England run by Moorfields Eye Hospital NHS Foundation Trust. Together with the UCL Institute of Ophthalmology, which is adjacent to the hospital, it is the oldest and largest centre for ophthalmic treatment, teaching and research in Europe.
The Devil's Holiday is a 1930 American Pre-Code film starring Nancy Carroll, Phillips Holmes, ZaSu Pitts, James Kirkwood, Sr., Hobart Bosworth, and Ned Sparks, and released by Paramount Pictures.
Thomas Joseph Simpson was one of only 114 Canadians to receive the Distinguished Service Medal for World War II service.
Bobbye Jean Hall is an American percussionist who has recorded with a variety of rock, soul, blues and jazz artists, and has appeared on 22 songs that reached the top ten in the Billboard Hot 100, six of those reaching No. 1.
The Palace of the Goyeneche is a baroque palace located in Illana, Spain. The building is one of a number of palaces in Spain and Peru which are associated with the Goyeneche family.
The Bârlad is a river in eastern Romania, a left tributary of the river Siret. Its total length is 207 km, and its drainage basin area is 7,220 km². Its source is in the low hills between the Siret and Prut rivers, southwest of Iai. It flows generally south, through the cities of Negreti, Vaslui, Bârlad and Tecuci. The Bârlad flows through the Romanian counties of Neam, Vaslui and Galai. It flows into the Siret near Suraia.
The Deutsche Reichsbahn Class 250 is a German electric locomotive used on freight trains. Nicknamed the “Electric Container” or “Powercontainer” due to its distinctive carbody shape. It was the most powerful locomotive in the former GDR and is still in use at the Deutsche Bahn AG.
Niphograpta is a genus of moths of the family Crambidae. It contains only one species, the waterhyacinth moth. It is native to the Amazon basin, but has been introduced in North America, Africa and Australia to control the spread of water hyacinth.
Powhatan Point is a village in Belmont County, Ohio, United States, along the Ohio River. The population was 1,592 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Wheeling, West Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Maret Balkestein-Grothues, née Maret Grothues is a Dutch volleyball player who plays as a wing spiker. She is a member of the Netherlands women's national volleyball team, and is the current team captain. Since the summer of 2019 she plays for the Turkey team Aydn Büyükehir Belediye Spor Kulübü
Kingston near Lewes is a village and civil parish in the Lewes District of East Sussex, England. The village is mentioned in the Domesday Book and is located two miles south of Lewes on the slopes of the South Downs.
Matlaccoatzin was an Ecatepec Tlatoani, father of Chimalpilli II, Tlacuilolxochtzin and Tlapalizquixochtzin.
Derenik Karapeti Demirchian or Derenik Demirchyan was an Armenian writer, novelist, poet, translator and playwright.
Aviano is a town and comune in the province of Pordenone at the foot of the Dolomites mountain range in Friuli-Venezia Giulia, northern Italy.
"United Nations Security Council Resolution 403, adopted on January 14, 1977, after hearing representations from the Minister of External Affairs of Botswana, condemned attacks by the ""illegal minority regime"" in Southern Rhodesia. The resolution recalled previous resolutions on the topic, including the right to self-determination of the people of Southern Rhodesia.
Tilbury is a town in the borough of Thurrock, Essex, England. The present town was established as separate settlement in the late 19th century, on land that was mainly part of Chadwell St Mary. It contains a 16th century fort and an ancient cross-river ferry. Tilbury is part of the Port of London with a major deep-water port which contributes to the local economy.
Correspondances is a song-cycle for soprano and orchestra written by the French composer Henri Dutilleux in 2002–2003.
Hampshire County is a county in the U.S. state of West Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 23,964. Its county seat is Romney, West Virginia's oldest town. The county was created by the Virginia General Assembly in 1754, from parts of Frederick and Augusta Counties and is the state's oldest county. The county lies in both West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle and Potomac Highlands regions.
By is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Grant Robert Balfour is an Australian former professional baseball relief pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball for the Minnesota Twins, Milwaukee Brewers, Tampa Bay Devil Rays / Rays, and Oakland Athletics. He is the all-time save leader and strikeout leader among Australian MLB pitchers, and holds the Oakland Athletics consecutive save record at 44.
Adolphe L'Arronge was a German playwright and theatre director. His best known work is the 1873 comedy play My Leopold which has been adapted into numerous films.
Juan Martín del Potro Lucas, nicknamed Delpo, is an Argentine professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 128 in men's singles by the Association of Tennis Professionals.
Chiquimula is one of the 22 departments of Guatemala, in Central America. The departmental capital is also called Chiquimula. The department was established by decree in 1871, and forms a part of the northeastern region of Guatemala. Physically, it is mountainous, with a climate that varies between tropical and temperate, depending on the location.
Acacia restiacea is a species of Acacia belonging to the sub genus Alatae which is native to Western Australia.
Maryland Route 94 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Maryland. Known as Woodbine Road, the state highway runs 6.25 miles from the Montgomery–Howard county line at the Patuxent River north to Old Frederick Road near Lisbon. MD 94 originally extended into southern Carroll County in addition to connecting the western Howard County communities of Lisbon and Florence. The state highway was constructed from Lisbon to Woodbine in the late 1910s. MD 94 was constructed from Lisbon south through Florence and from Woodbine north to the village of Daniel south of MD 26 in the late 1920s and early 1930s. The state highway was extended south and removed from the state highway system north of Lisbon in 1956. MD 94 was relocated when its interchange with Interstate 70 and U.S. Route 40 was built in the mid-1970s. The state highway has two roundabouts, one of which was the first modern roundabout in Maryland.
Changshouhu railway station is a railway station located in Chongqing's Changshou District on the Chongqing–Wanzhou intercity railway operated by China Railway High-speed.
Barnum is a city in Webster County, Iowa, United States just off U.S. Route 20. The population was 191 at the 2010 census.
Aaron Douglas Berry, Jr. is an American football cornerback who is currently a free agent. He played college football at Pittsburgh. He was signed by the Detroit Lions as an undrafted free agent in 2010. Berry has also been a member of the New York Jets and the Cleveland Browns of the NFL and the Toronto Argonauts and the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the CFL.
Berwyn is a census-designated place in Chester County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 3,631 at the 2010 census. The area is part of Philadelphia's Main Line suburbs.
"Wilhelmina ""Minnie"" Dorothy Peper, known professionally as Jane Oaker, was an American theatre actress."
Gundlach's hawk is a species of bird of prey in the family Accipitridae. It is one of 21 endemic bird species of Cuba. The common name and Latin binomial commemorate the German-Cuban ornithologist Juan Cristobal Christoff Gundlach. It is threatened by habitat loss and human persecution.
Panchet Hill, referred to in Bengali as Panchakot Pahar, is located in Neturia at the north-eastern end of Purulia district, in the Indian state of West Bengal.
USS Delbert D. Black will be an Arleigh Burke-class destroyer of the United States Navy.
Alexandre Dumas is a station on Paris Métro Line 2, on the border of the 11th and 20th arrondissements.
Arron Blake is an English actor and director. He is best known for the film His Hands.
Settefrati is a comune in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located about 120 kilometres east of Rome and about 40 kilometres east of Frosinone.
Coulommes-et-Marqueny is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.
The Huong Pagoda is a vast complex of Buddhist temples and shrines built into the limestone Huong Tich mountains. It is the site of a religious festival which draws large numbers of pilgrims from across Vietnam.
Roland Vrabec is a German football manager. He is the manager of Progrès Niederkorn.
Stony Brook is a hamlet and census-designated place in the Town of Brookhaven in Suffolk County, New York, on the North Shore of Long Island. Begun in the colonial era as an agricultural enclave, the hamlet experienced growth first as a resort town and then to its current state as one of Long Island's major tourist towns and centers of education. Despite being referred to as a village by residents and tourists alike, Stony Brook has never been legally incorporated by the state. The population was 13,740 at the 2010 census.
Benalla Art Gallery is a public art gallery in the regional town of Benalla, Victoria, Australia.
Our Lady of the Assumption, currently located at 350 Huron Church Road in Windsor, Ontario, is a Roman Catholic church and is the oldest continuous parish in Canada, west of Montreal.
The black-footed mongoose is a mongoose species native to Central Africa, where it inhabits deep deciduous forests from eastern Nigeria to the southern Democratic Republic of the Congo. It has been listed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List since 2008.
NOAAS Townsend Cromwell (R 443) was an American fisheries research vessel that was in commission in the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration fleet from 1975 to 2002. Prior to her NOAA career, she was in the United States Fish and Wildlife Service's Bureau of Commercial Fisheries fleet from 1963 to 1975 as BCF Townsend Cromwell.
Bobigny – Pablo Picasso is the northern terminus of Line 5 of the Paris Métro, as well as a stop on Île-de-France tramway Line 1. The metro station was opened in 1985, followed by the tram stop seven years later.
The Third Sarpy County Courthouse is a historic building in Papillion, Nebraska, and the former courthouse of Sarpy County. It was built by John L. Soderberg in 1922–1923, and designed in the Classical Revival style by architect William F. Gernandt. Two other courthouses had been built for the county prior to this one: the first one was the Fontenelle Bank in Bellevue, followed by a second one in Papillion. A fourth courthouse replaced this building in 1974, and it became a city hall and public library. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since July 5, 1990.
The sheng is a Chinese mouth-blown free reed instrument consisting of vertical pipes. It is a polyphonic instrument and enjoys an increasing popularity as a solo instrument.
Collegium Da Vinci is a Polish private university in Poznan.
William Cutfield King was a 19th-century New Zealand politician who was elected to Parliament, but was killed in the New Zealand Wars before the first session.
The beef top blade steak comes from the chuck section of a steer or heifer. The steaks are cross-cut from the top blade subprimal, also known as Infraspinatus. It is becoming more popular and profitable to abstain from cross cutting the top blade and instead produce flat iron steaks which is cut with the grain and eliminates the connective tissue that runs down the middle of this steak.
Bankhead is a neighborhood located west of downtown Atlanta, Georgia. It is surrounded by Grove Park to the west, Washington Park and Hunter Hills to the south. To the east and northeast are Hills Park, Knight Park, English Avenue and Blandtown. It is also flanked by Rockdale to the northwest. At its center is MARTA's Bankhead station and the city's Maddox Park. The neighborhood schools are The B.E.S.T. Academy, Grove Park Elementary, A.D. Williams Elementary School, Carter G. Woodson Elementary School, Alfred Blalock Elementary School, and Frederick Douglass High School.
"Kihoku is a town located in Kitauwa District, Ehime Prefecture, Japan. The name of the town is derived from the town's location to the north, , of Mt. Onigaj ""."""
Lomas is a barrio in the municipality of Canóvanas, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 5,336.
Lisbon is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States, 7.3 miles by road northeast of Norwich. The population was 4,338 at the 2010 census. The town center is also known as the village of Newent. The town school is Lisbon Central School.
Dixon Mills are a residential complex in Jersey City, New Jersey that uses the buildings of the former location of the Joseph Dixon Crucible Company, which was in use between 1847 and 1895.
Zamboanga del Sur is a province in the Philippines located in the Zamboanga Peninsula region in Mindanao. Its capital is the city of Pagadian. Statistically grouped with Zamboanga del Sur is the highly urbanized city of Zamboanga, which is geographically separated and a chartered city and governed independently from the province.
The Kharkiv supermarket bombings took place around noon on 22 April 2006 in the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv. Two homemade bombs exploded in supermarkets about one kilometer apart. The blasts were about eight minutes apart and apparently came from lockers where customers store packages. 14 people were wounded, at least four seriously.
Eudimorphodontidae is an extinct family of early pterosaurs from the Late Triassic of Europe. It was named by Peter Wellnhofer in 1978 to include Eudimorphodon ranzii. Some phylogenetic analyses suggested that Eudimorphodontidae is a junior synonym of Campylognathoididae, however more comprehensive analyses found Eudimorphodontidae to be basal to Macronychoptera that includes Campylognathoididae and more derived pterosaurs. Wang et al. found Eudimorphodontidae to include six species, but they didn't defined the clade. Brian Andres define Eudimorphodontidae and found Peteinosaurus to be most closely related to it. Furthermore, he found monophyletic Eudimorphodon clade, and defined two subfamilies within Eudimorphodontidae. The Eudimorphodontinae includes all taxa more closely related to Eudimorphodon ranzii than to Raeticodactylus filisurensis while the Raeticodactylinae includes all taxa more closely related to Raeticodactylus filisurensis than to Eudimorphodon ranzii. More recently, Raeticodactylus and Caviramus were moved into their own family, Raeticodactylidae. The below cladogram follows that analysis.
The Department of Archaeology at the University of York, England, is a department which provides undergraduate and postgraduate courses in archaeology and its sub-disciplines and conducts associated research. It was founded in 1978 and has grown from a small department based at Micklegate House to more than a hundred undergraduate students based at King's Manor and with scientific facilities at the BioArCh centre on the main campus.
USS Hoquiam, a Tacoma-class patrol frigate in commission from 1944 to 1945 and from 1950 to 1951, she is the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for Hoquiam, Washington. She also served in the Soviet Navy as EK-13 and in the Republic of Korea Navy as ROKS Nae Tong.
Niklas Moisander is a Finnish professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for German club Werder Bremen. Moisander was born in Turku, where he played for the local TPS youth team before moving to AFC Ajax. He is the twin brother of goalkeeper Henrik Moisander, and is a former captain of the Finland national team.
Robert Laurel Crippen is an American retired naval officer and aviator, test pilot, aerospace engineer, and retired astronaut. He traveled into space four times: as Pilot of STS-1 in April 1981, the first Space Shuttle mission; and as Commander of STS-7 in June 1983, STS-41-C in April 1984, and STS-41-G in October 1984. Crippen received the Congressional Space Medal of Honor.
Coralville is a city in Johnson County, Iowa, United States. It is a suburb of Iowa City and part of the Iowa City Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 18,907 at the 2010 census.
Ervauville is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Thailand, officially the Kingdom of Thailand, is a country in Southeast Asia. Its neighbours are Laos, Cambodia, Malaysia, and Myanmar. Its name was Siam until June 1939 and between 1945 and May 11 1949. The word Thai comes from the ethnic group in the center of Thailand.
The following is a list of Playboy Playmates of 2007. Playboy magazine names its Playmate of the Month each month throughout the year.
Ostuni is a city and comune, located about 8 km from the coast, in the province of Brindisi, region of Apulia, Italy. The town has a population of about 32,000 during the winter, but can swell to 100,000 inhabitants during summer, being among the main towns attracting tourists in Apulia. It also has a British and German immigrant community and an industrial zone. The region is a producer of high quality olive oil and wine.
Dobro is a village in Pabianice County, ód Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Dobro. It lies approximately 10 kilometres west of Pabianice and 23 km south-west of the regional capital ód.
Viola guestphalica, common name high calamine pansy, Westphalia pansy, zinc pansy or Blaues Galmeiveilchen, is native to the region of northwestern Germany known as Westphalia. It is found in the wild only in the Districts of Paderborn, Hoexter and Hochsauerlandkreis, although it is cultivated in other locations. These are industrial areas where much of the soil is contaminated with lead, zinc and other metals, which some Viola species are more able to tolerate than some other plants.
Manicoré is a municipality located in the south-east of the Brazilian state of Amazonas.
Kotputli Assembly constituency is one of constituencies of Rajasthan Legislative Assembly in the Jaipur Rural.
The Oberheim OB•12 is a Virtual Analog synthesizer, designed and realised by the Italian musical instrument manufacturer Viscount, in production between 2000 and 2005.
"Adelmo Fornaciari Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI, more commonly known by his stage name Zucchero Fornaciari or simply Zucchero, is an Italian singer-songwriter and musician. His stage name is the Italian word for ""sugar"", as his elementary teacher used to call him. His music is largely inspired by gospel, soul, blues and rock music, and alternates between Italian ballads and more rhythmic R&B-boogie-like pieces. He is credited as the ""father of Italian blues"", introducing blues to the big stage in Italy. He is one of the few European blues artists who still enjoy great international success.
Bowman's Folly, also known as Montpelier, is a historic home located near Accomac, Accomack County, Virginia. It was built about 1815, and has a 2 1/2-story, main block with a 1 1/2-story wing. The main block has brick ends with interior end chimneys and frame fronts on the north and south. It has a gable roof with dormers. The front facade features a Palladian window and pedimented entrance porch. Also on the property are a frame kitchen, now connected to the main house by a hyphen; frame dovecote, and frame privy.
Ness City is a city in and the county seat of Ness County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 1,449. Ness City is famous for its four-story Old Ness County Bank Building located downtown, and nicknamed Skyscraper of the Plains.
"USS Jamestown (PG-55) was a patrol gunboat and after 13 January 1943 a Jamestown-class motor torpedo boat tender acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. Her task in her final classification was to provide a ""home base"" for torpedo boats in remote parts of the ocean during the war, and to provide them with necessary services, such as fuel, food, and repairs."
The Rover V8 engine is a compact V8 internal combustion engine with aluminium cylinder heads and cylinder block, originally designed by General Motors and later re-designed and produced by Rover in the United Kingdom. It has been used in a wide range of vehicles from Rover and other manufacturers since its British debut in 1967.
Richard Driver was a Sydney solicitor, politician and cricket administrator.
Billy Stretch is a former professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League. A midfielder, Stretch plays predominantly on the wing. Stretch was recognised as a talented footballer from a young age when he represented and captained South Australia at under 14 level, and continued to represent the state until under 18 level. His accolades as a junior include six best and fairest awards, a league best player award, national representation and All-Australian selection. His father, Steven Stretch, is a former player for the Melbourne Football Club and Keith 'Bluey' Truscott Medallist, which saw Billy recruited by the Melbourne Football Club under the father–son rule in the 2014 AFL draft and he made his AFL debut during the 2015 season.
Marie Leopoldine of Anhalt-Dessau was a princess of Anhalt-Dessau by birth and by marriage Countess of Lippe-Detmold.
The Tinnoset Line was a 30-kilometer long Norwegian railway line that went from Tinnoset to Notodden in Vestfold og Telemark county. The railway was part of the transport chain used to transport fertilizer from Norsk Hydro's factory in Rjukan to the port in Skien. The railway opened in 1909 and was closed when the plant closed in 1991. The railway is sometimes mistakenly believed to be part of the Rjukan Line.
Oak Hill, built in 1853, is an historic home located at 26 Aspen Street in Calvert City, Kentucky. It was built by Potilla Calvert, the founder of Calvert City and the man for whom the city was named. On December 31, 1974, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Finglands Coachways was a bus and coach operator in Rusholme, Manchester.
HS Koningin Regentes was a Dutch hospital ship that was torpedoed by the Imperial German Navy submarine SM UB-107 on 6 June 1918 while returning to Rotterdam, the Netherlands, from Boston, Lincolnshire, England.
Konstantin Leonidovich Kokora is a former competitive figure skater. He is the 1979 Soviet national champion and finished 10th at the 1980 Winter Olympics.
The Doug Fir Lounge is a bar and restaurant housed within the ground level of the Jupiter Hotel, in Portland, Oregon's Buckman neighborhood, in the United States. It was established in 2004 and features a basement music and event space.
Belhurst Castle is a former private residence on the shores of Seneca Lake in Geneva, New York. It was designed by architects Fuller & Wheeler and built between 1885 and 1889. The three-story, nine bay wide Romanesque Revival style mansion is constructed of Medina sandstone. It has a slate gable roof, one-story solarium, and four rectangular stone chimneys. It features projecting porches, bays, towers with conical and pyramidal roofs, eyebrow windows, and a porte cochere with Syrian arch.
Beau Ritchie Taylor is an American professional baseball catcher for the Cleveland Indians of Major League Baseball. He has played in Major League Baseball for the Oakland Athletics and Toronto Blue Jays.
The Annapolis and Elk Ridge Railroad, later the Annapolis, Washington and Baltimore Railroad, once provided rail service to Annapolis, Maryland, and was one of the earliest railroads in the U.S. It later merged into the Washington, Baltimore and Annapolis Electric Railway and was finally abandoned. The only traces of it today are a few small sidings and utility poles that follow its former right of way.
Petra Hynicová is a Czech cross-country skier. She competed in the women's 15 kilometre skiathlon at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Norwalk is a small city in, and the county seat of, Huron County, Ohio, United States. The population was 17,012 at the 2010 census. The city is the center of the Norwalk Micropolitan Statistical Area and part of the Cleveland-Akron-Canton Combined Statistical Area. Norwalk is located approximately 10 miles south of Lake Erie, 51 miles west/southwest of Cleveland, 59 miles southeast of Toledo, and 58 miles west/northwest of Akron.
Jerry Lloyd Bona is an American mathematician, known for his work in fluid mechanics, partial differential equations, and computational mathematics, and active in some other branches of pure and applied mathematics.
The Rossstock is a mountain of the Schwyzer Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Schwyz and Uri. It lies on the range between Muotathal and Unterschächen, east of Lake Lucerne.
Tonkpi Region is one of the 31 regions of Ivory Coast. Since its establishment in 2011, it has been one of three regions in Montagnes District. The seat of the region is Man and the region's population in the 2014 census was 992,564, predominantly of Dan ethnicity.
The New Guinea Volunteer Rifles was an infantry battalion of the Australian Army. It was initially raised as a unit of the Militia from white Australian and European expatriates in New Guinea upon the outbreak of the Second World War in 1939, before being activated for full-time service following the Japanese landings in early 1942. NGVR personnel then helped rescue survivors of Lark Force from Rabaul in February and March 1942. Between March and May, the NGVR monitored the Japanese bases which had been established in the Huon Gulf region, being the only Allied force in the area until the arrival of Kanga Force at Wau in May. The battalion subsequently established observation posts overlooking the main approaches and reported on Japanese movements.
"Several suicide bombers penetrated the security of Kandahar Airfield on Tuesday, 8 December 2015, barricading themselves in an old school building that now contains shops, and sparking a battle with Afghan soldiers that lasted for many hours. The Afghan Defense Ministry stated that 50 civilians and members of the security forces had been killed, along with 11 attackers, while at least 35 people were injured. The Taliban claimed responsibility. The attack was co-ordinated just hours after a ""Message to Obama"" was posted on a video site by the Taliban, warning U.S. troops of upcoming attack."
Nordhausen is a city in Thuringia, Germany. It is the capital of the Nordhausen district and the urban centre of northern Thuringia and the southern Harz region; its population is 42,000. Nordhausen is located approximately 60 km north of Erfurt, 80 km west of Halle, 85 km south of Braunschweig and 60 km east of Göttingen.
Kroksbäcksparken is a neighbourhood and park in Malmö, Sweden. It covers an area of 26 hectares.
Caenagnathidae is a family of bird-like maniraptoran theropod dinosaurs from the Late Cretaceous of North America and Asia. They are a member of the Oviraptorosauria, and close relatives of the Oviraptoridae. Like other oviraptorosaurs, caenagnathids had specialized beaks, long necks, and short tails, and would have been covered in feathers. The relationships of caenagnathids were long a puzzle. The family was originally named by Raymond Martin Sternberg in 1940 as a family of flightless birds. The discovery of skeletons of the related oviraptorids revealed that they were in fact non-avian theropods, and the discovery of more complete caenagnathid remains revealed that Chirostenotes pergracilis, originally named on the basis of a pair of hands, and Citipes elegans, originally thought to be an ornithomimid, named from a foot, were caenagnathids as well.
Mark the Evangelist is the traditionally ascribed author of the Gospel of Mark. Mark is said to have founded the Church of Alexandria, one of the most important episcopal sees of early Christianity. His feast day is celebrated on April 25, and his symbol is the winged lion.
Oma is a town in Iron County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 355 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated communities of Pine Lake and Van Buskirk are located in the town.
Georgios Tsontos also known with the nom de guerre Kapetan Vardas, was a Greek general and politician.
"The Castelo da Póvoa, also Fortress of Póvoa de Varzim, officially Fortaleza da Nossa Senhora da Conceição or Nossa Senhora da Conceição Fortress, is a Portuguese fortress in Póvoa de Varzim rebuilt during the reigns of Peter II and John V to defend the town from privateers, in the site of an earlier fort known as ""Forte de Torrão"". It is considered a listed property of Public Interest in Portugal."
Charlestown is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 5,114 at the 2010 census. The town is home to Hubbard State Forest and the headquarters of the Student Conservation Association.
Bitterfeld-Wolfen is a town in the district Anhalt-Bitterfeld, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It is situated in south-eastern Saxony-Anhalt, west of the river Mulde, in an area that is dominated by heavy industry and lignite mining. The town was formed by merger of the towns Bitterfeld and Wolfen and the municipalities Greppin, Holzweißig and Thalheim on 1 July 2007.
Concord Township is one of the sixteen townships of Ross County, Ohio, United States. The 2000 census found 4,107 people in the township, 3,096 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
The River Frome is a river in Dorset in the south of England. At 30 miles long it is the major chalkstream in southwest England. It is navigable upstream from Poole Harbour as far as the town of Wareham.
"Roberto Andrés ""Palo"" Pandolfo is an Argentine singer, musician, guitarist and producer of Argentine rock. In 1980 is unveiled as the leader of the band post punk Don Cornelio y la Zona and in the following decade with the group Los Visitantes. Today brings a solo career and has released over five albums independently."
The Jakarta Light Rail Transit is one of the light metro systems in Jakarta, the capital city of Indonesia. It is being implemented by the Jakarta provincial government. The first phase of the LRT, from Velodrome to Pegangsaan Dua, began commercial operations on 1 December 2019.
Märsta is an urban area in the county of Stockholm in Sweden. It is the seat of Sigtuna Municipality.
James Magilton is a Northern Irish former footballer and manager, who is the elite performance director with the Irish Football Association, and former manager of the Northern Ireland national under-21 football team.
Steele County is a county in the U.S. state of Minnesota. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 36,576. Its county seat is Owatonna.
The Lincoln Versailles is a mid-size luxury car manufactured by Ford Motor Company and marketed by its Lincoln division as a rebadged variant of the Ford Granada and Mercury Monarch. Marketed as a 4-door sedan from 1977 to 1980, the Versailles reached a production total of 50,156
"Veronika ""Ronny"" Kohlbach was an Austrian athlete. She competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics in the 80 m hurdles, 4 × 100 m relay and discus throw, with the best result of 13th place in the discus throw. Two years later she finished fifth in the long jump at European championships, where she had to compete for the Nazi Germany due to their accession of Austria. Between 1931 and 1942 she won 29 Austrian titles in the 100 m, 200 m, 4 × 100 m relay, 80 m hurdles, long jump, discus throw, and cross country."
The German Flood Service Medal 2013 is a military and civil award of Germany. Established 2 July 2013 by joint decree of the Federal Minister of the Interior Hans-Peter Friedrich and Federal Minister of Defence Thomas de Maizière, the medal is awarded for approved service during the 2013 European floods. It was approved by the President of Germany on 23 October 2013.
The 363rd Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance Group is a United States Air Force unit stationed at Joint Base Langley-Eustis. It is assigned to the 363rd Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Wing. It was activated in February 2015, after having been returned to regular service after operating as a provisional unit. The group has its origins in the 363rd Fighter Group, activated on 1 August 1943 at Hamilton Field, California. The unit was credited with 41 victories but lost 43 of its own aircraft during World War II.
"The South Sea Company was a British joint-stock company founded in 1711, created as a public-private partnership to consolidate and reduce the cost of the national debt. To generate income, in 1713 the company was granted a monopoly to supply African slaves to the islands in the ""South Seas"" and South America. When the company was created, Britain was involved in the War of the Spanish Succession and Spain and Portugal controlled most of South America. There was thus no realistic prospect that trade would take place, and as it turned out, the Company never realised any significant profit from its monopoly. However, Company stock rose greatly in value as it expanded its operations dealing in government debt, and peaked in 1720 before suddenly collapsing to little above its original flotation price. The notorious economic bubble thus created, which ruined thousands of investors, became known as the South Sea Bubble.
Courtillers is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France.
Jeffrey A. Gibson is a Mississippi Choctaw-Cherokee painter and sculptor, based in Hudson, New York.
Elections to the Baseball Hall of Fame for 1994 followed the system in place since 1978. The Baseball Writers' Association of America voted by mail to select from recent major league players and
Maple Township is one of fourteen townships in Dodge County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 317 at the 2000 census. A 2006 estimate placed the township's population at 311.
Bathiste Tchouaffé is a French professional basketball player. He is currently playing for Poitiers Basket 86 of the French LNB Pro B.
The following is a timeline of the French Revolution.
Labrus viridis is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean from Portugal to Morocco, as well as through the Mediterranean Sea to the Black Sea. This species is found around rocky reefs amongst the rocks or in eelgrass beds. It can reach 47 cm in standard length, though most do not exceed 37.5 cm. It is one of several species called green wrasse.
Coker Court is a substantial manor house in East Coker, Somerset, England. It was built in the fifteenth and eighteenth centuries and has been designated as a Grade I listed building. It was erected by the Courtney family who were lords of the manor and rectors of the adjacent parish church. The building is constructed from locally quarried Hamstone with roofs composed of stone tiles.
Stark Park is a city park located on the north side of Manchester, New Hampshire. It is a 30-acre parcel of land between River Road and the Merrimack River, which was once part of the larger farm property of American Revolutionary War hero John Stark. The centerpieces of the park are the Stark Burial Ground, where Stark and some of his family are interred, and the 1948 bronze equestrian statue of Stark made by sculptor Richard Henry Recchia. The park was formally opened in 1893, making it one of the city's oldest parks. It was originally designed as a typical Victorian-era park, with winding lanes, and a mix of woodlands, lawns, and gardens. A colonnade of elm trees originally lined the three land borders of the park, but were lost to Dutch Elm disease in the 20th century. Some of its paths and vistas have also become overgrown since the park was established. The park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
"Basiluzzo is an islet, and the smallest of eight islands in the Aeolian Islands, a volcanic island chain north of Sicily. In antiquity, the island was named ""Hycesia""."
David Yair Keltjens is an Israeli footballer with a Dutch father who currently plays at Hapoel Be'er Sheva.
Alappuzha- MGR Chennai Central SF Express is a class of Superfast Express train that runs Daily from Chennai Central to Alappuzha. It is one of the oldest trains in the Southern Railway zone of the Indian Railways It is one of the prestigious train of Kerala.
Seaham Harbour railway station was a railway station that served the town of Seaham Harbour in County Durham, North East England. For much of its existence, it was the southern passenger terminus of the Londonderry, Seaham and Sunderland Railway but declined in importance after the opening of the nearby Seaham Colliery station and the extension of the line to West Hartlepool by that company's successor.
The 1st Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, honored the best films of 1927 and 1928 and took place on May 16, 1929, at a private dinner held at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel in Los Angeles, California. AMPAS president Douglas Fairbanks hosted the show. Tickets cost $5, 270 people attended the event and the presentation ceremony lasted 15 minutes. Awards were created by Louis B. Mayer, founder of Louis B. Mayer Pictures Corporation. It is the only Academy Awards ceremony not to be broadcast either on radio or television. The radio broadcast was introduced the following year in 1930.
Cyclolobidae: Goniatitid Ammonoidea belonging to the Cycloloboidea with thickly discoidal to subgloblar shells with a small but open umbilicus and ammonitic sutures with numerous lobes that have subparallel sides.
"The Cadillac Calais was the entry-level Cadillac model that was sold from 1965 to 1976. Cadillac renamed its low-priced Series 62 in 1965 as the ""Calais"", after the French port city of Calais that overlooks the narrowest point in the English Channel. In Greek mythology, Calais was one of two winged sons of Boreas, god of the North Wind, and Oreithyea. With the exception of no convertible model, the Calais shared the same styling as the better-equipped, more expensive Cadillac de Ville."
Norm Crewther is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League.
Johnston Building was a historic wholesale building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States designed by Jackson C. Gott. It is a five-story loft building constructed in 1880. The cast iron façade reflected the influence of the Queen Anne style. It housed wholesale companies dealing in tobacco, hats, shoes, clothing, and home and office furnishings, including Samuel Hecht, Jr. & Sons. It was demolished in 2002.
The Morris Six is a 2½-litre six-cylinder car with an overhead camshaft for its overhead valves first displayed at the October 1927 Motor Show at Olympia as Morris Light Six. When he bought Wolseley in February 1927 W R Morris gave Wolseley employees his reason. It was that he wanted to make good 6-cylinder cars and Wolseley could do that. He said he particularly admired their 2-litre Wolseley 16/45.
Oriska is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 118 at the 2010 census.
The D branch of the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority's Green Line, also known as the Highland branch or the Riverside Line, is a light rail line in west Boston, Massachusetts, with stations also located in Brookline and Newton. It branches off near Kenmore Square from the Tremont Street and Boylston Street subways from downtown shared with the other light rail lines. It then continues west for about ten miles on a private surface right of way, formerly the Highland branch of the Boston and Albany Railroad. The right of way is double tracked throughout without express tracks. It is grade separated from roads and highways, though there are pedestrian crossings at stations and in Webster Conservation Area in Newton.
Wilhelm Meyer-Lübke was a Swiss philologist of the Neogrammarian school of linguistics.
Silat ad-Dhahr is a Palestinian town in the Jenin Governorate in the northern West Bank, located 22 kilometers southwest of Jenin. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics census, the town had a population of 5,794 in 2007. The healthcare facilities for the surrounding villages are based in Silat adh Dhahr, the facilities are designated as MOH level 2.
Chatham Historic District is a national historic district located at Chatham, Pittsylvania County, Virginia. The district includes 188 contributing buildings, 2 contributing sites, and 1 contributing object in the central business district of the town of Chatham. The district includes a variety of government, commercial, residential, religious and educational buildings and structures dating from the early-19th century to the mid-20th century. At the center of the district is the separately listed Pittsylvania County Courthouse. Other notable buildings include the Judge Tredway House, Tunstall-Hargrave House, The Oaks, Morea, Hugh Weir House, Planter's Bank, Thompson's Drug and Haberdashy Building, Corinth Christian Church, Emmanuel Episcopal Church, Chatham Presbyterian Church, Canada-Melton House, United States Post Office, Chatham High School, Chatham Elementary School, Chatham Savings Bank, Masonic Temple, Collie Hotel/William Pitt Hotel, Beauty Plaza, and the Moses Building. Also located in the district and separately listed are the Clerk's Office, Bill's Diner, and Burnett's Diner.
Rucava Municipality is a municipality in Courland, Latvia. The municipality was formed in 2009 by merging Dunika Parish and Rucava Parish, the administrative centre being Rucava.
The Appalachian National Scenic Trail, generally known as the Appalachian Trail or simply the A.T., is a marked hiking trail in the Eastern United States extending between Springer Mountain in Georgia and Mount Katahdin in Maine. The trail is about 2,200 miles long, though the exact length changes over time as parts are rerouted or modified. The Appalachian Trail Conservancy describes the Appalachian Trail as the longest hiking-only trail in the world. More than 2 million people are said to take a hike on part of the trail at least once each year.
Hanover House is a house built by a French Huguenot family in 1714-1716. The house is also known as the St. Julien-Ravenel House after its early owners. It was constructed in the South Carolina Low Country in present-day Berkeley County.
Millburn is a suburban township in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the township's population is 20,149, reflecting an increase of 384 from the 19,765 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 1,135 from the 18,630 counted in the 1990 Census.
The Usk Bridge, Usk, Monmouthshire, carries the A472 over the River Usk. It is the town's oldest crossing of the river and is a Grade II* listed structure.
Jack Eugene Wilson is a former American professional baseball shortstop in Major League Baseball. He bats and throws right-handed.
Jacob Aaron Cantor was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He was a United States Representative from 1913 to 1915.
Comabbio is a comune in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 kilometres northwest of Milan and about 13 kilometres southwest of Varese. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,025 and an area of 4.8 square kilometres.
Cordell Bank National Marine Sanctuary is a marine sanctuary located off the coast of California. It protects an area of 1,286 sq mi of marine wildlife. The administrative center of the sanctuary is on an offshore granite outcrop 4.5 sq mi by 9.5 sq mi, located on the continental shelf off of California. The outcrop is, at its closest, 6 mi from the sanctuary itself.
Anne Pratt was a botanical and ornithological illustrator and author from Strood, Kent.
Kosa Pan was a Siamese diplomat and minister who led the second Siamese embassy to France sent by King Narai in 1686. He was preceded to France by the first Siamese embassy to France, which had been composed of two Siamese ambassadors and Father Bénigne Vachet, who had left Siam for France on January 5, 1684. He was a nephew of King Ekathotsarot and a great grandfather of King Rama I, the founder of the Chakri Dynasty. His older brother, Lek, also held the post of foreign minister before him.
NGC 3077 is a small disrupted elliptical galaxy, a member of the M81 Group, which is located in the northern constellation Ursa Major. Despite looking much like an elliptical galaxy, it is peculiar for two reasons. First, it shows wispy edges and scattered dust clouds that are probably a result of gravitational interaction with its larger neighbors, similar to the galaxy M82. Second, this galaxy has an active nucleus. This caused Carl Seyfert in 1943 to include it in his list of galaxies, which are now called Seyfert Galaxies. However, NGC 3077, though an emission line galaxy, is today no longer classified as a Seyfert galaxy.
Fleet admiral is a five-star flag officer rank in the United States Navy whose rewards uniquely include active duty status for life. Fleet admiral ranks immediately above admiral and is equivalent to General of the Army and General of the Air Force. Although it is a current and authorized rank, no U.S. Navy officer presently holds it, with the last U.S. Navy fleet admiral being William D. Leahy, who was promoted to the rank in December 1944 and Retired in March 1949. The last person to be promoted to the rank was William Halsey Jr. who was promoted to the rank in December 1945.
Spider toxins are a family of proteins produced by spiders which function as neurotoxins. The mechanism of many spider toxins is through blockage of calcium channels.
The Phoenix Metropolitan Area – also the Valley of the Sun, the Salt River Valley, or Phoenix Metro – is a metropolitan area, centered on the city of Phoenix, that includes much of the central part of Arizona. The United States Office of Management and Budget designates the area as the Phoenix-Mesa-Scottsdale Metropolitan Statistical Area, defining it as Maricopa and Pinal counties. As of the Census Bureau's 2017 population estimates, Metro Phoenix had 4,737,270 residents, making it the 10th largest Metropolitan Area in the nation by population. The gross domestic product of the Phoenix Metropolitan Area was $242 billion in 2017, 16th largest amongst metro areas in the United States.
Billingford or Pirleston is a village and former civil parish, 19 miles south of Norwich, now in the parish of Scole, in the South Norfolk district, in the county of Norfolk, England. In 1931 the parish had a population of 150.
Altmittweida is a municipality in the district of Mittelsachsen, in Saxony, Germany.
Pope Gregory XIV, born Niccolò Sfondrato or Sfondrati, was head of the Catholic Church and ruler of the Papal States from 5 December 1590 to his death in 1591.
Huguo Temple is a Buddhist temple located in Jingshan Park, Wenzhou, Zhejiang.
"The Committee for Skeptical Inquiry, formerly known as the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal, is a program within the transnational American non-profit educational organization Center for Inquiry, which seeks to ""promote scientific inquiry, critical investigation, and the use of reason in examining controversial and extraordinary claims."" Paul Kurtz proposed the establishment of CSICOP in 1976 as an independent non-profit organization, to counter what he regarded as an uncritical acceptance of, and support for, paranormal claims by both the media and society in general. Its philosophical position is one of scientific skepticism. CSI's fellows have included notable scientists, Nobel laureates, philosophers, psychologists, educators and authors. It is headquartered in Amherst, New York."
San Quirico is a village in Tuscany, central Italy, administratively a frazione of the comune of Sorano, province of Grosseto, in the tuff area of southern Maremma. At the time of the 2001 census its population amounted to 572.
Rodney Howard Hilton FBA was an English Marxist historian of the late medieval period and the transition from feudalism to capitalism.
Kreuzlingen Bernrain railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Kreuzlingen, in the Swiss canton of Thurgau. It is an intermediate stop on the standard gauge Wil–Kreuzlingen line of THURBO. It is one of four stations within the municipality of Kreuzlingen.
"Johnny Lion, was a Dutch singer, journalist and actor, best known for his hit single ""Sophietje""."
Forchheim (Oberfr) station is a railway station in the town of Forchheim, located in the Forchheim district in Upper Franconia, Germany.
Geureudong or Bur ni Geureudong or Bur ni Telong is a stratovolcanic complex in northern Sumatra, Indonesia. The official name of the whole complex is confusing between the two adjacent volcanoes: Bur ni Geureudong and Bur ni Telong. Two other volcanic cones are Salah Nama and Pepanji, and there are small sediment hills. Bur ni Geureudong has been eroded since the Pleistocene age, but has solfatara and hot springs on its flanks. Bur ni Telong is located in the south of Bur ni Geureudong. Bur ni Telong has active crater that lava flows are exposed in the southern flank.
Ante Rukavina is a retired Croatian footballer who last played for Dinamo Zagreb. He also played at Šibenik, Hajduk Split and Panathinaikos earlier in his career.
Wingo is a home rule-class city in Graves County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 632 at the 2010 census.
Darrell Wayne Lukas is an American horse trainer and a U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee. He has won twenty Breeders' Cup races, received five Eclipse Awards for his accomplishments, and his horses have won 25 year-end Eclipse Awards. He was inducted into the American Quarter Horse Hall of Fame in 2007.
Sfântu Gheorghe is the capital city of Covasna County, Romania. Located in the central part of the country and in the historical region of Transylvania, it lies on the Olt River in a valley between the Baraolt Mountains and Bodoc Mountains. The city administers two villages, Chilieni and Coeni.
The Seringapatam Medal, or Sri Ranga Pattana, is a campaign medal that was awarded by the Governor-General of India to all British and Indian soldiers who participated in the British victory in the Battle of Seringapatam in 1799.
Takahiro Aoki is a Nippon Professional Baseball player. He is currently with the Yomiuri Giants of Japan's Central League.
Delias agostina, the yellow Jezebel is a medium-sized butterfly of the family Pieridae, that is, the yellows and whites.
Building at 34 Choate Street is a historic home located at Newark in New Castle County, Delaware. It was built in 1893 and is a two-story, gable roofed brick single family residence with original trim and front porch still intact. It has a one-story, shed roofed frame rear wing.
The XI Corps was a corps of the Union Army during the American Civil War, best remembered for its involvement in the battles of Chancellorsville and Gettysburg in 1863.
Aleksite is a rare lead bismuth tellurium sulfosalt mineral with formula PbBiTeS.
Molotov was a Project 26bis Kirov-class cruiser of the Soviet Navy that served during World War II and into the Cold War. She supported Soviet troops during the Siege of Sevastopol, the Kerch-Feodosiya Operation and the amphibious landings at Novorossiysk at the end of January 1943.
Sacred Heart Cathedral, Sacred Heart School and Christian Brothers Home comprise a former Roman Catholic diocesan complex in the Central Hillside neighborhood of Duluth, Minnesota, United States. Sacred Heart Cathedral was built from 1894 to 1896 and served as the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Duluth until 1957, after which it became a parish church. Sacred Heart School was built in 1904 and the Christian Brothers Home—a monastic residence for the school faculty—was built in 1907.
Kadyrzhan Batyrov was a Kyrgyz businessman and politician of the Uzbek origins.
A nose is a protuberance in vertebrates that houses the nostrils, or nares, which receive and expel air for respiration alongside the mouth. Behind the nose are the olfactory mucosa and the sinuses. Behind the nasal cavity, air next passes through the pharynx, shared with the digestive system, and then into the rest of the respiratory system. In humans, the nose is located centrally on the face and serves as an alternative respiratory passage especially during suckling for infants.
Simon Raynard Fletcher is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Denver Broncos in the second round of the 1985 NFL Draft. He played college football at Houston.
Operation Wikinger was a sortie into the North Sea by German World War II destroyers of the Kriegsmarine, in February 1940. During this operation, poor inter-service communication and cooperation between the Kriegsmarine and the Luftwaffe and inexperience resulted in the loss of two German ships, despite the lack of Allied forces, through friendly fire bombing and German or British mines.
Eastland is a city in Eastland County, Texas, United States. The population was 3,960 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Eastland County.
The Valley Heights railway gatehouse is a heritage-listed railway gatehouse located at 110 and 112 Green Parade, Valley Heights in the City of Blue Mountains local government area of New South Wales, Australia. It was built in 1867. It is also known as the Valley Heights Gatekeeper's Cottage. The property is privately owned. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
"The 2006–07 South Pacific cyclone season was an event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation. It began on November 1, 2006 and ended on April 30, 2007. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the southern Pacific Ocean east of 160°E. Additionally, the regional tropical cyclone operational plan defines a tropical cyclone year separately from a tropical cyclone season, and the ""tropical cyclone year"" runs from July 1, 2006 to June 30, 2007.
Red bananas are a group of varieties of banana with reddish-purple skin. Some are smaller and plumper than the common Cavendish banana, others much larger. When ripe, raw red bananas have a flesh that is cream to light pink in color. They are also softer and sweeter than the yellow Cavendish varieties, some with a slight raspberry flavor and others with an earthy one. Many red bananas are exported by producers in East Africa, Asia, South America and the United Arab Emirates. They are a favorite in Central America but are sold throughout the world.
Hernio is an iconic summit in the Basque Country very popular with the Gipuzkoans and located right at the heart of the province. The peak is the highest point of a massif extending north-west to south-east, the summit rising by the pass of Zelatun. Neighbouring summits lined up NW to SE at the range are mount Gazume standing west across the summit and mount Herniozabal closing the range east at the rear. The villages lying at the feet of the mount are Errezil, Alkiza and Asteasu. The summit of Hernio affords to the NW a beautiful view over Azpeitia and the stone bulk of Izarraitz towering over the town.
Waabs is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Pitiegua is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016, the municipality has a population of 196 inhabitants.
Uhm Tae-goo is a South Korean actor. He is known for his supporting roles in many critically acclaimed films, such as Coin Locker Girl and The Age of Shadows.
The Megalopodidae are a small family of leaf beetles, previously included as a subfamily within the Chrysomelidae. One of its constituent subfamilies, Zeugophorinae, which contains a single genus, has also frequently been treated as a subfamily within Chrysomelidae. The family contains approximately 30 genera worldwide, primarily in the nominate subfamily Megalopodinae, and mostly circumtropical.
Llorenzo Vidal Vidal, Majorcan poet, educator and pacifist, founded in 1964 the School Day of Non-violence and Peace a pioneering, non-state, non-governmental, non-official, independent, free and voluntary initiative of Non-violent and Pacifying Education, which is now practised in schools all over the world and in which centres of education, teachers and students of all levels and from all countries are invited to take part. In 2010, the Cercle Universel des Ambassadeurs de la Paix, Geneva, has appointed him Ambassador of Peace.
"Trey Lorenz is an American singer and songwriter. He has been a backing vocalist for Mariah Carey and Selena. His 1992 single ""Someone to Hold"", reached number 19 on the US Billboard Hot 100, number five on the Hot R&B/Hip Hop Songs and number 65 on the UK Singles Chart."
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2094, adopted unanimously on March 7, 2013, after recalling all previous relevant resolutions on the situation concerning North Korea, including resolutions 825, 1540, 1695, 1718, 1874, and 2087, the Council condemned the Democratic People's Republic of Korea's third nuclear test. Furthermore, it increased the power of other nations to enforce these sanctions.
The Porthgain Railway was a 3 ft narrow gauge industrial railway connecting the Pen Clegyr and St. Bride's quarries with Porthgain harbour. It operated from the late 1880s until 1931.
"Amathusia is a genus of large forest butterflies with ""wingtails"" in the family Nymphalidae. They are known as the palmkings and the larvae feed on palms. Amathusia ranges from the Andaman Islands to Sulawesi."
Mount Achkasar is a 3,196 m tall mountain in Northern Armenia. Achkasar is highest peak of the Javakhk range in the Lesser Caucasus Mountains.
Darcy Werenka is a Canadian-Austrian former professional ice hockey defenceman whose career spanned over 20 years enjoying most success in the European Leagues.
Murray Hill is a neighborhood on the east side of Manhattan in New York City. Murray Hill is generally bordered to the east by the East River or Kips Bay and to the west by Midtown Manhattan, though the exact boundaries are highly disputed.
Jeisyville is a small village in Christian County, Illinois, United States. The population was 107 at the 2010 census.
Thomas Mackenzie Bell, better known by the stage name of Toddla T, is an English DJ, record producer, remixer and songwriter from Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.
Jakobselva is a river in Troms og Finnmark county, Norway. The river, which is sometimes known as the Vestre Jakobselv, runs through the municipalities of Nesseby and Vadsø on the Varanger Peninsula. The river begins around the mountain Midthaugen in Nesseby, near the border with Tana Municipality. It then winds its way down through a lush birch wood valley along the municipal border between Nesseby and Vadsø to the village of Vestre Jakobselv where it completes its 50-kilometre journey and empties into the Varangerfjorden.
Borjomi Strict Nature Reserve is a protected area in Borjomi Municipality, Samtskhe-Javakheti region of Georgia.
Velimir Valenta was a Yugoslav/Croatian rower who won a gold medal in the coxless four event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Randal Hume Keynes, OBE, FLS is a British conservationist, author, and great-great-grandson of Charles Darwin.
The Petrozsény Offensive was the opening action of the south-western front of the 1916 Battle of Transylvania, during World War I. The Transylvanian coal-mining center of Petrozsény was occupied by the Romanian Army on 29 August, two days after the Kingdom of Romania declared war on Austria-Hungary.
Bandana is an Argentine pop girl group formed in 2001. Following the international trend of teen pop girl groups established by the Spice Girls, the five members of Bandana — Ivonne Guzmán, Lourdes Cecilia Fernández, Valeria Gastaldi, Virginia Da Cunha and María Elizabeth Vera — were selected on the TV show Popstars and were a carefully marketed product that became a phenomenon in the country, particularly among young girls.
Hawley Heights Historic District is a national historic district located at Huntington, Huntington County, Indiana. The district includes 87 contributing buildings and 7 contributing objects in an exclusively residential section of Huntington. It developed between about 1914 and 1954 and includes notable examples of Colonial Revival, Mission Revival, and Tudor Revival style architecture. A number of homes were built from plans prepared by the Architects Small House Service.
Cottam power station is a decommissioned coal-fired power station. The site extends over 620 acres of mainly arable land and is situated at the eastern edge of Nottinghamshire on the west bank of the River Trent at Cottam near Retford. The larger coal-fired station, was decommissioned by EDF Energy in 2019 in line with the UK's goal to meet its zero-coal power generation by 2025. The smaller in-use station is Cottam Development Centre, a combined cycle gas turbine plant commissioned in 1999, with a generating capacity of 400 MW. This plant is owned by Uniper.
Damaris Lennon Phillips is an American chef and television personality. In 2013 she won the ninth season of the Food Network television series Food Network Star. She hosted the Food Network show Southern at Heart for five seasons from 2013 to 2016. In 2018, she began co-hosting The Bobby and Damaris Show on Food Network with Bobby Flay.
Augie Duke is an American actress who is known for starring roles in Bad Kids Go to Hell and the television series Chemistry.
Hancock County is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of the 2010 census, the population was 6,819, making it the fourth-least populous county in Tennessee. Its county seat is Sneedville.
The Mitsubishi Eclipse is a sport compact car that was produced by Mitsubishi in four generations between 1989 and 2011. A convertible body style was added during the 1996 model year.
Fiagdon is a river in North Ossetia–Alania west of Vladikavkaz. It flows north between the Ardon and the Gizeldon and joins the Ardon before that river joins the Terek. The river is 75 kilometres long, with a drainage basin of 714 square kilometres. Verkhny Fiagdon and Dzuarikau are some of the major villages that lie on Fiagdon River.
Milovice u Hoic is a village and municipality in the Czech Republic.
Ty-mawr Farmhouse, Ffwthog, Cwmyoy, Monmouthshire is a farmhouse dating from the early 16th century, which was extended in the 17th century and then reduced in size in the 18th century. The farmhouse is a Grade II* listed building, with its range of barns and its bee shelter having separate Grade II listed building designations.
Pipriac is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Mid-Carolina Regional Airport is a public airport located three miles southwest of the central business district of Salisbury, a city in Rowan County, North Carolina, USA. This general aviation airport covers 400 acres and has one runway.
South Ronaldsay is one of the Orkney Islands off the north coast of Scotland. It is linked to the Orkney Mainland by the Churchill Barriers, running via Burray, Glimps Holm and Lamb Holm.
The Midwest Political Science Association is a professional association of political science scholars and students in the United States. It was founded in 1939, and publishes the American Journal of Political Science in conjunction with Rice University.
The New Martinsville Glass Company was an American manufacturer of decorative glass products. It opened in 1901 in New Martinsville, West Virginia. The company was renowned for the use of color in their glassware. They initially made tableware but quickly expanded into vanities, bare ware, lamps, and more. They promoted liquor sets even through prohibition. The company was renamed Viking Glass in 1944.
The 1998 Comfrey–St. Peter tornado outbreak was an unseasonably-strong tornado outbreak which affected the Upper Midwest region of the United States on March 29, 1998. A strong area of low pressure combined with a warm front and favorable upper-level dynamics to produce 16 tornadoes across the region—14 in Minnesota and two in Wisconsin. Thirteen of the tornadoes in Minnesota were spawned by a single supercell thunderstorm. This supercell remained intact for approximately 150 miles as it moved across the southern part of the state during the late-afternoon hours.
The Ticonderoga class of guided-missile cruisers is a class of warships in the United States Navy, first ordered and authorized in the 1978 fiscal year. The class uses passive phased-array radar and was originally planned as a class of destroyers. However, the increased combat capability offered by the Aegis Combat System and the AN/SPY-1 radar system, together with the capability of operating as a flagship, were used to justify the change of the classification from DDG to CG shortly before the keels were laid down for Ticonderoga and Yorktown.
Hakea strumosa is a shrub in the family Proteacea endemic to an area in the Wheatbelt, Great Southern and the Goldfields-Esperance regions of Western Australia. A dense, very prickly shrub with a profusion of small, deep pink or red flowers in spring.
Udestedt is a municipality in the Sömmerda district of Thuringia, Germany.
Rattelsdorf is a community with market rights in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg.
Sebastiano Bianchetti is an Italian male shot putter.
Toxodontidae is an extinct family of notoungulate mammals, known from the Oligocene to the Holocene of South America, with one genus, Mixotoxodon, also known from the Pleistocene of Central America and southwestern North America. They somewhat resembled rhinoceroses, and had teeth with high crowns and open roots, suggesting that they often fed on tough pampas grass. However, isotopic analyses have led to the conclusion that the most recent forms were grazing and browsing generalists.
The Crumlin Road Courthouse is a former judicial facility on Crumlin Road in Belfast, Northern Ireland.
The Mitsubishi Magna is a mid-size car that was produced over three generations between 1985 and 2005 by Mitsubishi Motors Australia Limited. Developed as a replacement for the Mitsubishi Sigma, each Magna generation derived from Japanese platforms re-engineered for the Australian market and conditions. Initially, Magna offered inline-four engines in a mid-size sedan package—a station wagon debuted in 1987. Over the years, each new series grew in size, and with the second generation of 1991, the range was bolstered by a luxury variant called Mitsubishi Verada and a V6 engine. The Magna/Verada became the first Australian-made vehicle to be exported worldwide in large numbers, predominantly as the Mitsubishi Diamante. The third and final iteration Magna/Verada launched in 1996, adding all-wheel-drive from 2002, and receiving a substantial styling update in 2003. They were replaced by the Mitsubishi 380 in 2005.
Gibton is a moshav in central Israel. Located near Rehovot, it falls under the jurisdiction of Brenner Regional Council. In 2018 it had a population of 363.
The Historic Village of the Narragansetts in Charlestown is an historic district in Charlestown, Rhode Island encompassing what were for nearly two centuries the reservation lands of the Narragansett people. The district covers 5,600 acres and is bounded by Route 112 on the east, U.S. Route 1 on the south, King's Factory Road on the west, and Route 91 on the north. These lands served as the Narragansett reservation between 1709 and 1880, when the tribe sold the land to the state and was formally detribalized. Because of this long period of Native occupation, the area is archaeologically important, containing both historic and prehistoric artifacts. The Narragansetts have since received federal recognition.
Sally Kristen Ride was an American astronaut and physicist. Born in Los Angeles, she joined NASA in 1978 and became the first American woman in space in 1983. Ride was the third woman in space overall, after USSR cosmonauts Valentina Tereshkova and Svetlana Savitskaya. Ride remains the youngest American astronaut to have traveled to space, having done so at the age of 32. After flying twice on the Orbiter Challenger, she left NASA in 1987.
Krasnogruda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
Géry is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Inayatullah Khan Seraj was the King of Afghanistan for three days in January 1929. He was the son of former Afghan Emir, Habibullah Khan. Inayatullah's brief reign ended with his abdication.
"Carlos Adão ""Cadão"" Volpato is a Brazilian musician, artist, journalist and writer. He is best known for being the frontman of cult post-punk band Fellini."
Southwest Air Lines Flight 611 is the only significant aircraft accident on record at Ishigaki Airport. The accident occurred on 26 August 1982 when the Boeing 737-200 overran the runway while attempting to land. The aircraft caught fire and was destroyed, but none of the 133 passengers and 5 crew died in the accident although two crew and one passenger were seriously injured.
In the Vlieter incident on 30 August 1799, a squadron of the Batavian Navy, commanded by Rear-Admiral Samuel Story, surrendered to the British navy. The incident occurred during the Anglo-Russian invasion of Holland. It took place in the tidal trench between Texel and the mainland that was known as De Vlieter, near Wieringen.
The IRIS-T is a German-led program to develop a short-range infrared homing air-to-air missile to replace the AIM-9 Sidewinder found in some NATO member countries. Any aircraft capable of firing the Sidewinder is also capable of launching the IRIS-T.
The Keka-class patrol boats are vessels designed by ASC Pty. Ltd. originally for the Royal Thai Navy. A second variant series was designed for the Hong Kong Marine Police.
Alexander Andreevich Petrov is a Russian actor, known for his roles in Attraction and Gogol. The Beginning.
Birigui is a city in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. The city is located on the northwest of the state and has 120.692 inhabitants and 530.9 km² of area.
"Bellubera was a ferry operated by the Port Jackson & Manly Steamship Company on the Manly service. Launched in 1910, she was the third of six ""Binngarra-type"" vessels. Upon her 1936 conversion from steam power, she became the first diesel-electric vessel in Australia. She was decommissioned in 1973, and scuttled at sea in 1980.
Mont-de-Vougney is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Riverdale Park is a census-designated place in Stanislaus County, California, United States. The population was 1,128 at the 2010 census, up from 1,094 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Modesto Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Killynumber is a townland lying within the civil parish of Kilcronaghan, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. It lies in the south-east with the civil parish of Desertmartin, and it is bounded by the townlands of Annagh & Moneysterlin, Coolsaragh, Drumsamney, Gortamney, and Killytoney. It was apportioned to the Drapers company as well as freeholds.
The 1916 Quebec general election was held on May 22, 1916, to elect members of the 14th Legislative Assembly of the Province of Quebec, Canada. The incumbent Quebec Liberal Party, led by Lomer Gouin, was re-elected, defeating the Quebec Conservative Party, led by Philémon Cousineau.
The Kambarata-2 Hydro Power Plant is a hydroelectric power station in on the Naryn River in Kambar, Kyrgyzstan. It has 3 individual Francis turbine-generators with a nominal output of around 120 MW each which will deliver up to 360 MW of power. The first generator was operational on November 27, 2010. The power plant's dam is 60 m tall and it creates a 70,000,000 m³ reservoir of which 8,000,000 m³ is active for power generation.
Echigo-Iwatsuka Station is a railway station in the city of Nagaoka, Niigata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
Valéria Gyenge is a Hungarian swimmer who won the 400 m freestyle event at the 1952 Summer Olympics. She remained a leader in this event until 1956, but finished in a disappointing eighth place at the 1956 Olympics. In 1978, she was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame.
Varbevere is a village in Jõgeva Parish, Jõgeva County in Estonia. It is located on the road between Palamuse and Voore, about 5 km from each. Varbevere has a population of 63.
Zho is a village in the Svitavy District of the Pardubice Region in the northeast of Bohemia, Czech Republic. It is administratively a part of Nmice. It is situated in the north of Svitavy District, near historical town Litomyšl. The population of the village was 257 inhabitants in 2011. The mayor is Josef Racek.
The ruins of the Lichnice Castle are on the edge of the Iron Mountain near the village of Podhradí, in the municipality of Temošnice, about 15 kilometres east of áslav.
The Elgin Botanic Garden was the first public botanical garden in the United States, established in 1801 by New York physician David Hosack. By 1810, Hosack was no longer able to fund the garden's expenses, and sold the land to the State of New York. The property was given to Columbia College in 1814, and the gardens were abandoned. In the 1920s, it became the site of Rockefeller Center.
Miss Bumbum is an annual beauty pageant held in Brazil to reward the owner of the best buttocks in the country.
The Newtown–Stephensburg Historic District is located in the central section of Stephens City, Virginia along U.S. Route 11 from the far northern to the far southern boundaries of the town and from just east of Green Hill Cemetery to just west of the interchange of State Route 277 and Interstate 81.
Andrew Ronald Edward Surman is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder and last played for Bournemouth. He spent the first five years of his career with Southampton where he made more than 100 appearances. He also played for Wolverhampton Wanderers and had a spell on loan at Walsall.
Roman Pavlovich Pleshkov is a Russian pair skater. With his partner, Alina Pepeleva, he is the 2019 CS Warsaw Cup silver medalist. On the junior level, Pepeleva/Pleshkov are the 2019 JGP United States bronze medalists and have qualified to the 2019–20 Junior Grand Prix Final.
Park Place is a historic Grade II Listed country house and gardens in the civil parish of Remenham in Berkshire, England, set in large grounds above the River Thames near Henley, Oxfordshire.
The Thanh My Massacre was a massacre of South Vietnamese civilians committed by the Viet Cong during the Vietnam War, in Thanh My hamlet, Phu Thanh village, Qung Nam Province, South Vietnam on 11 June 1970. The hamlet, which was pro-government and defended by US Marines and South Vietnamese militia, was attacked by the VC in the early morning of 11 June. Under cover of a mortar barrage VC sappers set fire to houses and killed civilians either by shooting to throwing explosives into their shelters. The Marines and South Vietnamese forces engaged with the VC and called in artillery support. By 03:15 the VC began to withdraw and the Marines reoccupied the village and began evacuating the wounded.
Snake River Falls is a shoot-the-chutes water ride attraction located at Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio. Designed by Arrow Dynamics, the ride opened to the public in 1993. Its theme is loosely based on a wood packing company, and it is one of two water rides at Cedar Point along with Thunder Canyon.
Ykarigaoka Station is a railway station in Ykarigaoka, Sakura, Chiba, Japan, operated by Keisei Electric Railway.
Bramhall is a suburban area within the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport, in Greater Manchester, England. Historically in Cheshire, it had a population of 17,436 at the 2011 Census.
The South-Central Zone is an Administrative Zone of São Paulo, Brazil. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 731,758 inhabitants.
The Rautenstrauch-Joest Museum is a museum of ethnography in Cologne, Germany. It was reopened in 2010. The museum arose from a collection of over 3500 items belonging to ethnographer Wilhelm Joest. After his death in 1897, the collection was left to his sister Adele Rautenstrauch.
Prosty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Makinia Górna, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres south-west of Makinia Górna, 16 km south of Ostrów Mazowiecka, and 84 km north-east of Warsaw.
Luis Alberto Alejandro Aparicio Lacalle Pou is a Uruguayan politician and lawyer serving as President of Uruguay since 1 March 2020. A member of the National Party, he is among the country's youngest presidents.
Paapa Essiedu is an English actor. He is known for his work in theatre, film and television, including in the 2020 television series I May Destroy You. He won the 2016 Ian Charleson Award for his title role in Hamlet and Edmund in King Lear, both at the Royal Shakespeare Company.
Piaski is one of the districts of the Polish city of Biaystok.
Battered sausages are a type of sausage found all across Great Britain, Ireland, Australia and New Zealand.
Babu Gogineni is an Indian Humanist, rationalist, and human rights activist, who served as Executive Director of the International Humanist and Ethical Union.
Joan Garriga Vilaresau was a Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. He was known for his aggressive riding style. Together with Sito Pons, he helped to forge the path for Spanish riders in the World Championship’s premier class.
Sir Arthur John Otway, 3rd Baronet PC was a British barrister and Liberal politician as well as a champion of administrative reform regarding India.
Brienno is a comune in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 kilometres north of Milan and about 10 kilometres northeast of Como.
The Franklin Feed Mill is located in Franklin, Sheboygan County, Wisconsin. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 and on the State Register of Historic Places in 1989.
Bolands Centre is a heritage-listed department store at Lake Street, Cairns, Cairns Region, Queensland, Australia. Designed by Edward Gregory Waters and built in 1912, the Centre was home to a David Jones department store and a prominent toy shop. It is also known as Boland's Building and Boland's Departmental Store. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 7 April 2006.
Otto Heinrich Schindewolf was a German paleontologist who studied the evolution of corals and cephalopods.
Omanoor is a village in the Malappuram district, Kerala, India.
Xianyang is a prefecture-level city in central Shaanxi province, situated on the Wei River a few kilometers upstream from the provincial capital of Xi'an. Once the capital of the Qin dynasty, it is now integrated into the Xi'an metropolitan area, one of the main urban agglomerations in western China, with more than 7.17 million inhabitants, its built-up area made of 2 urban districts was 945,420 inhabitants at the 2010 census. It has a total area of 10,213 square kilometres.
Glemsford Pits is a 37.5 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest south of Glemsford in Suffolk. The River Stour, which forms the boundary between Suffolk and Essex, runs through the site, which is thus in both counties.
Bârlad is a city in Vaslui County, Romania. It lies on the banks of the river Bârlad, which waters the high plains of Western Moldavia.
Towers Hill is a suburb of Charters Towers in the Charters Towers Region, Queensland, Australia.
Makhuduthamaga is a municipality in Sekhukhune District Municipality, Limpopo Province, South Africa.
1 Parachute Battalion is the only full-time paratroop unit of the South African Army. It was established on 1 April 1961 with the formation of the Parachute Battalion. After 1998 this unit was renamed to Parachute Training Centre. It was the first battalion within 44 Parachute Brigade until 1999 when the brigade was downsized to 44 Parachute Regiment
The Egg is a chair designed by Arne Jacobsen in 1958 for the Radisson SAS hotel in Copenhagen, Denmark. It is manufactured by Republic of Fritz Hansen.
Novi Township is a civil township of Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan. At the 2010 census, the township had a population of 150. Of the original 36-square-mile geographic township, only a small portion of 0.11 square miles remains unincorporated from the surrounding city of Novi. Novi Township is the smallest township in the state by total land area and the third-smallest municipality after the villages of Ahmeek and Copper City.
Ali Khalifa Al-Kuwari is a Qatari democracy activist, author and professor. He has occupied several positions in the oil sector. He is known for editing the book The People Want Reform in Qatar Too, which was subsequently banned in Qatar due to its critical views of government policies. He is one of the primary advocates for political reform in the country.
Leningradsky Prospekt, or Leningrad Avenue, is a major arterial avenue in Moscow, Russia. It continues the path of Tverskaya Street and 1st Tverskaya-Yamskaya Street north-west from Belorussky Rail Terminal, and changes the name once again to Leningrad Highway past the Sokol metro station. The Highway continues its way to Saint Petersburg via Tver.
Lone Tree Township is a township in Clay County, Iowa, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 860.
Kawakawa is a small town in the Bay of Islands area of the Northland Region of New Zealand. Kawakawa developed as a service town when coal was found there in the 1860s, but coal mining ceased in the early 20th century. The economy is now based on farming. The town is named after the kawakawa shrub.
Al-Hasan Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Irbid, Jordan. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 12,000 people.
By the arrangements of the Canadian federation, the Canadian monarchy operates in Nova Scotia as the core of the province's Westminster-style parliamentary democracy. As such, the Crown within Nova Scotia's jurisdiction is referred to as the Crown in Right of Nova Scotia, Her Majesty in Right of Nova Scotia, or the Queen in Right of Nova Scotia. The Constitution Act, 1867, however, leaves many royal duties in Nova Scotia specifically assigned to the sovereign's viceroy, the Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, whose direct participation in governance is limited by the conventional stipulations of constitutional monarchy.
Dianthus alpinus, the alpine pink, is a species of flowering plant in the family Caryophyllaceae, endemic to the Alps of Eastern Austria. It is a short mat-forming herbaceous perennial, with linear to lanceolate leaves, 15–25 mm long and 2–5 mm wide. The flowers are a deep cerise pink with white spots, appearing from June to August.
Dickinson County is a county in Central Kansas. In 2010, 19,754 people lived there. Its county seat is Abilene. Abilene is also the biggest city in Dickinson County. The county was named after Daniel S. Dickinson.
Aros Castle, also known as Dounarwyse Castle, is a ruined 13th-century castle near Salen on the Isle of Mull, Scotland. The castle overlooks the Sound of Mull.
Orlen Arena is an indoor arena in Pock, Poland. It opened on 13 November 2010, and holds 5,467 people.
Parson and Scoville Building, also known as the Pasco Building, is a historic commercial building located in downtown Evansville, Indiana. It was built in 1908, and is a six-story, brick building. The building was originally built to house the warehouse of a wholesale grocery.
The International Criminal Court is an intergovernmental organization and international tribunal that sits in The Hague, Netherlands. The ICC is the first and only permanent international court with jurisdiction to prosecute individuals for the international crimes of genocide, crimes against humanity, war crimes, and the crime of aggression. It is intended to complement existing national judicial systems and it may therefore exercise its jurisdiction only when national courts are unwilling or unable to prosecute criminals. The ICC lacks universal territorial jurisdiction, and may only investigate and prosecute crimes committed within member states, crimes committed by nationals of member states, or crimes in situations referred to the Court by the United Nations Security Council.
Lk is a district of k Lk Province in the Central Highlands region of Vietnam.
GuruPlug is a compact and low power plug computer running Linux. It is intended to be a device that could act as a web server, a print server or any other network service. It has local storage in NAND Flash, but also offers USB ports and a Serial ATA port to connect external hard disks.
Men, Women, and Money is a lost 1919 American drama silent film directed by George Melford and written by Beulah Marie Dix and Cosmo Hamilton. The film stars Ethel Clayton, James Neill, Jane Wolfe, Lew Cody, Sylvia Ashton, Irving Cummings, and Winifred Greenwood. The film was released on June 15, 1919, by Paramount Pictures.
Shorncliffe is a coastal north-eastern suburb in the City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It is on the shore of Bramble Bay, part of Moreton Bay. In the 2016 census, Shorncliffe had a population of 1,870 people. The suburb attracts visitors to its historic Shorncliffe pier, and Lovers Walk, a walking path along the coastline between Shorncliffe and neighbouring Sandgate.
Thomas Fairfax, 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron was a Scottish peer. He was the son of Thomas Fairfax, 5th Lord Fairfax of Cameron and of Catherine, daughter of Thomas Colepeper, 2nd Baron Colepeper.
Moto G7 is a series of Android smartphones developed by Motorola Mobility, a subsidiary of Lenovo; it is the seventh generation of the Moto G family and was first released on 7 February 2019. As with the last generations which introduced the Plus and Play variants, this series has introduced the Power variant as well. There are 4 variants in the seventh series.
Luther Burbank Home and Gardens is a city park containing the former home, greenhouse, gardens, and grave of noted American horticulturist Luther Burbank. It is located at the intersection of Santa Rosa Avenue and Sonoma Avenue in Santa Rosa, California, in the United States. The park is open daily without charge; a fee is charged for guided tours. It is designated as a National Historic Landmark as well as a California Historical Landmark.
Malungon, officially the Municipality of Malungon, is a 1st class municipality in the province of Sarangani, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 103,604 people.
Bindlacher Berg Airport, or Verkehrslandeplatz Bayreuth in German, is a regional airport in Bindlach, Bavaria 5 km northeast of the city of Bayreuth.
Knževes is a village and municipality in Žár nad Sázavou District in the Vysoina Region of the Czech Republic.
Junghwa-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Jungnang-gu in Seoul, South Korea.
Blanche Lazzell was an American painter, printmaker and designer. Known especially for her white-line woodcuts, she was an early modernist American artist, bringing elements of Cubism and abstraction into her art.
Jalmar Leonard Sjöberg is an amateur Swedish Greco-Roman wrestler. He won a silver medal for the super heavyweight division at the 2009 European Wrestling Championships in Vilnius, Lithuania, and two bronze medals at the 2007 European Wrestling Championships in Sofia, Bulgaria, and at the 2009 FILA World Championships in Herning, Denmark.
Gristmiller's House, also known as The Miller's House, is a historic home located at Bethlehem, Northampton County, Pennsylvania. The original building is a one-story limestone structure built in 1782. A 1 1/2-story brick addition in the Federal style was built in the 1830s. It is included as part of the Bethlehem Colonial Industrial Quarter.
Lake Ardibbo is a freshwater lake of Ethiopia. It is located north of Dessie, in the Debub Wollo Zone of the Amhara Region. It is situated about five kilometers southeast of Lake Hayq; both lakes are in Tehuledere woreda.
The Murder of Harriet Staunton took place in the London suburb of Penge in April 1877. Harriet Staunton died in a Penge lodging house on 13 April, five days after her one-year-old child, Thomas Staunton, died of malnutrition at Guy's Hospital. In September of the same year, Harriet's husband Louis Staunton was convicted of wilful murder at the Old Bailey together with his partner Alice Rhodes, his brother Patrick Staunton and Patrick's wife Elizabeth. All four were sentenced to death by hanging but the sentences were later commuted to terms of imprisonment after doubts were raised concerning the medical evidence and the impartiality of the presiding judge.
Frazer Wright is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a centre-back.
Panfilov is a raion of Chuy Region in northern Kyrgyzstan. Its area is 2,606 square kilometres, and its resident population was 41,754 in 2009. The capital lies at Kayyngdy. The district covers the westernmost part of the Chuy Region, and a mountainous exclave separated from the rest of the Panfilov District by the Jayyl District.
Groitzsch is a town in the Leipzig district, in Saxony, Germany.
Pinosylvin is a pre-infectious stilbenoid toxin that is synthetized in plants during fungal infections, ozone induced stress and physical damage for example. It is a fungitoxin protecting the wood from fungal infection. It is present in the heartwood of Pinaceae and also found in Gnetum cleistostachyum.
The Florence Nightingale Faculty of Nursing, Midwifery & Palliative Care is an academic faculty within King's College London. The faculty is the world's first nursing school to be continuously connected to a fully serving hospital and medical school. Established on 9 July 1860 by Florence Nightingale, the founder of modern nursing, it was a model for many similar training schools through the UK, Commonwealth and other countries for the latter half of the 19th century. It is primarily concerned with the education of people to become nurses and midwives. It also carries out nursing research, continuing professional development and postgraduate programmes. The Faculty forms part of the Waterloo campus on the South Bank of the River Thames and is now one of the largest faculties in the university.
English Caye Light is an active lighthouse on a small island in Belize. The white lantern is mounted on a 19m high framework tower, and also has a focal plane of 19 m.
Craig Donald Thompson is an American athletic administrator. He is the current commissioner of the Mountain West Conference. He previously served as commissioner of the Sun Belt Conference from 1991 to 1998 and as the sole commissioner in the history of the American South Conference from 1987 to 1991. Thompson attended college at the University of Minnesota, graduating in 1978 with a bachelor's degree in journalism. After graduating from college, Thompson held several positions in public relations for Kansas State University, the NBA's Kansas City Kings and the Metro Conference. Thompson was named the first commissioner of the Mountain West Conference on October 15, 1998.
Lugnaquilla, at 925 metres, is the 11th–highest peak in Ireland on the Arderin list, and 13th–highest on the Vandeleur-Lynam list, and the highest Irish mountain outside of Kerry. Lugnaquilla is the highest point in Wicklow, and in the province of Leinster. Lugnaquilla is in the Wicklow Mountains, and overlooks the Glen of Imaal to the west and Glenmalure to the east.
John Hollenbeck is a jazz drummer and composer from Binghamton, New York known for his work with The Claudia Quintet and Bob Brookmeyer.
Annie Rebekah Smith was an early American Seventh-day Adventist hymnist, and sister of the Adventist pioneer Uriah Smith.
The black-tailed tree rat, also called black-tailed acacia rat or black-tailed thallomys, is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
Pleasure Mad is a 1923 American silent drama film directed by Reginald Barker and starring Huntley Gordon, Mary Alden, and Norma Shearer. The film was written by A.P. Younger based upon the novel The Valley of Content by Blanche Upright.
Union Grove Schoolhouse is a historic one-room school building in Dickens, Allegany County, Maryland. It is a one-story frame building, rectangular in plan, containing a single classroom and an entrance vestibule. It is the last remaining one-room schoolhouse on its original site and in unaltered condition in Allegany County.
Huzurevi is an underground station on the M4 line of the Istanbul Metro in Maltepe. It is located beneath the D.100 State Highway, in the Balarba neighborhood. Connection to IETT city buses and Istanbul Minibus service is available. The station consists of an island platform with two tracks and was opened on 17 August 2012.
The 1872 Alabama gubernatorial election took place on November 5, 1872 in order to elect the Governor of Alabama. Republican David P. Lewis, a former Confederate Congressman, won the election, which would mark the last time until 1986 in which a Republican was elected Governor of Alabama.
"Robert Edward ""Bob"" Casale, Jr., or ""Bob 2"", was an American multi-instrumentalist, composer, record producer and audio engineer.
Melanoleuca cognata, commonly known as the spring cavalier, is an edible species of agaric fungus. It is found in Europe and North America.
"""St. John's Church"", ""St. John's Episcopal Church"", or ""St. John's Episcopal Church, Broad Creek"", is a historic Episcopal church located at 9801 Livingston Road in Fort Washington, Prince George's County, Maryland. It is a rectangular Flemish bond brick structure with a bell hipped roof. The interior features a barrel vaulted ceiling with an intricate support system."
Booth is a small unincorporated community in Fort Bend County, Texas, United States. It is located along Farm to Market Road 2759 and the BNSF Railway southeast of Richmond, Texas. There are number of houses, an RV-park, a restaurant, a landscaping business and a historical marker in the area.
Chessington is an area in the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames within Greater London. Historically part of Surrey, today it is the largest salient of Greater London into that county. As of the 2011 Census it had a population of 18,973. The Bonesgate Stream, a tributary of the Hogsmill River, runs through it. The popular theme park resort Chessington World of Adventures, which incorporates Chessington Zoo, is located in the south-west of the area.
Lasse Mellberg, better known by his stage name Redrama, is a Finnish rapper. He made a breakthrough in 2003. Redrama, who performs primarily in English, but also in Swedish and Finnish was part of a hip-hop group Alien Allies which also included the Norwegian Paperboys and Madcon. Redrama won the English-language Finnish championship of rapping in 2001 and he also won the Finnish Grammy award for The Best Hip Hop Album in 2005.
Arbavere is a village in Kadrina Parish, Lääne-Viru County, in northeastern Estonia. It lies on the Loobu River.
Willochra Creek is an ephemeral watercourse in the Far North region of South Australia. From Mount Remarkable, where it is also known as Mount Remarkable Creek, it flows generally eastwards to Melrose township at the foot of the mount. It thence flows generally northwards east of Mount Remarkable National Park across the eponymous Willochra Plain and through the locality of Bruce to the locality of Willochra itself at the heart of the plain. In Willochra locality the creek is also known as the Willochra Overflow and is joined by Boolcunda Creek. Being assisted by flows from several other water courses north of Willochra locality, the flows ultimately end up crossing through a sharp gorge in the Flinders Ranges north of Mount Stephen and into the south end of Lake Torrens about 61 kilometres due west of Hawker.
Birwadi is a census town in Raigad district in the state of Maharashtra, India.
Wells Township is a township in Fulton County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 477 at the 2010 census. Wells Township was initially settled in 1760. It was originally known as Aughwick Township when it was incorporated in 1849. The name was changed to Wells Township on April 2, 1850.
Bramber Castle is a Norman motte-and-bailey castle formerly the caput of the large feudal barony of Bramber long held by the Braose family. It is situated in the village of Bramber, West Sussex, near the town of Steyning, overlooking the River Adur.
Rhun ab Arthgal was a ninth-century King of Strathclyde. He is the only known son of Arthgal ap Dyfnwal, King of Alt Clut. In 870, during the latter's reign, the fortress of Alt Clut was captured by Vikings, after which Arthgal and his family may have been amongst the mass of prisoners taken back to Ireland. Two years later Arthgal is recorded to have been slain at the behest of Causantín mac Cináeda, King of the Picts. The circumstances surrounding this regicide are unknown. The fact that Rhun seems to have been Causantín's brother-in-law could account for Causantín's interference in the kingship of Alt Clut.
Barobo, officially the Municipality of Barobo, is a 3rd class municipality in the province of Surigao del Sur, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 49,730 people.
The Suzuki Dzire is a subcompact sedan made for the Indian market since 2008. It was developed as a variation of the Suzuki Swift hatchback.
Vita is a brand name of various types of beverage and food produced by Hong Kong-based beverage company Vitasoy. First introduced in 1976 as a series of different flavored fruit drinks the brand later expanded to include the world's first ready-to-drink lemon tea beverage. Vita-brand beverage are now available not only in Hong Kong, but also in different countries.
RaInCube, also spelt as RainCube, is a 6U CubeSat made by NASA as an experimental satellite. It has a small radar and an antenna. It was put into orbit in May 2018 and was deployed from the International Space Station on June 25, 2018. It is currently in orbit. It is used to track large storms.
Lectionary 226, designated by siglum  226 is a Greek manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 14th century. Scrivener labelled it by 249.
Charles Luers Nordsiek was a Seaman in the United States Navy and a Medal of Honor recipient for his role in the United States occupation of Veracruz.
The Kaddare alphabet is a writing script created to transcribe Somali, an Afro-Asiatic language.
Stefano Gentile is an Italian professional basketball player for Dinamo Sassari, of the Italian Lega Basket Serie A. At a height of 1.91 m tall, he plays at the point guard position.
Roxobel is a town in northwestern Bertie County, North Carolina, United States. It dates to 1724 and was originally known as Cotten's Cross Roads. After several name changes, it has remained Roxobel since 1849. The population was 240 at the 2010 census.
"The William H. Charlton House is a historic two-story house in Roca, Nebraska. It was built in 1872 for farmer William H. Charlton, and designed by architect Artemas Roberts in the Italianate style, with ""characteristic tall proportions, emphatic porch, decorative window surrounds, and bracketed eaves."" Charlton lived here with his wife, née Mary E. Lidolph, and their three children, and he became a widower in 1877; he later married Phoebe Adelaide Thornton. The house has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since January 25, 1997."
Dianthus myrtinervius, the Albanian pink, is a species of pink native to Albania, Greece, and the former Yugoslavia. Preferring well-drained neutral to alkaline soils, it can be grown in rock gardens, raised beds, or as a border along gravel paths. Petite perennials, they are available from commercial suppliers.
"Kid Auto Races at Venice is a 1914 American film starring Charles Chaplin in which his ""Little Tramp"" character makes his first appearance in a film exhibited before the public. The first film to be produced that featured the character was actually Mabel's Strange Predicament; it was shot a few days before Kid Auto Races but released two days after it."
HaOn is a community settlement on the shore of the Sea of Galilee in northern Israel. Located at the foot of the Golan Heights about a twenty-minute drive from the city of Tiberias, it is part of Emek HaYarden Regional Council. HaOn formerly operated as a kibbutz belonging to the United Kibbutz Movement. In 2018 it had a population of 181.
Les Breuleux is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Diversidoris flava is a yellow species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.
Pimampiro Canton is a canton of Ecuador, located in Imbabura Province. Its population in the 2001 census was 12,951 and 12,970 in the 2010 census.
Aluminum sulfide or aluminium sulphide is a chemical compound with the formula AlS. This colorless species has an interesting structural chemistry, existing in several forms. The material is sensitive to moisture, hydrolyzing to hydrated aluminum oxides/hydroxides. This can begin when the sulfide is exposed to the atmosphere. The hydrolysis reaction generates gaseous hydrogen sulfide.
Fleisheim is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Wissahickon station is a passenger rail station on SEPTA's Manayunk/Norristown Line in Northwest Philadelphia. In FY 2013, Wissahickon station had a weekday average of 410 boardings and 452 alightings.
Goliath is a steel roller coaster located at Six Flags Magic Mountain amusement park in Valencia, California. Manufactured by Giovanola of Switzerland, the hypercoaster is located in the Goliath Plaza section of the park and opened to the public on February 11, 2000. Its sub-tropical theme is characterized by ancient ruins of the Mayan civilization. The ride is nearly identical to Titan at Six Flags Over Texas, but it lacks a 540-degree upward helix prior to the mid-course brake run and features a slightly shorter track layout.
Valsesia is a group of valleys in the north-east of Piedmont in the Province of Vercelli, Italy; the principal valley is that of the river Sesia.
Avril Ramona Lavigne is a Canadian singer, songwriter, and actress. By the age of 15, she had appeared on stage with Shania Twain, and by 16, she had signed a two-album recording contract with Arista Records worth more than $2 million.
Cesare Amè was an Italian general and intelligence officer.
John Winter Jones was an English librarian. He was Principal Librarian of the British Museum between 1866 and 1873. He was the first President of the Library Association in the U.K.
The Carnegie Library, historically known as the Upland Public Library, is a Carnegie library located at 123 East D Street in Upland, California. Built in 1913, the library was the first public building in Upland. Architect Homer W. Glidden designed the library in the Classical Revival style. The library's design features a projecting central entrance with a plain frieze supported by two columns and brick pilasters, a stucco parapet extending around most of the building, and a cornice set above dentils. The building served as a library until 1969, when the library moved to a new building. The City of Upland still owns the building and rents it to the public for community events. It is also used by the Upland Public Library to house its Literacy Program.
Bay County is a county on the Gulf coast in northwestern Florida. As of the 2010 census, the population was 168,852. Its county seat is Panama City.
Bencoolen MRT station is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Downtown Line located at the boundary of Rochor and Museum planning areas, Singapore. Located under Bencoolen Street, the station serves primarily the Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts, which is directly next to and above the station. It is located in between 2 campuses of Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts. The station is connected indirectly to Bras Basah MRT station on the Circle Line via Exit C and walking through Singapore Art Museum, where the shops are primarily located. The station also has small eateries such as Crossings Cafe at the Catholic Centre and Le Bistrot de l'Olive at the V Hotel.
The Meiti Riverside Park is a waterfront park along the Keelung River in Zhongshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.
Kyoto-kawaramachi Station is the terminal station of the Hankyu Kyoto Main Line of Hankyu in Kyoto City, Japan. The Kawaramachi and Shijo streets cross over the underground station. Gion-Shijo Station on the Keihan Main Line is located beyond the Kamo River.
The Game Wave Family Entertainment System, commonly abbreviated as Game Wave, is a hybrid DVD player and home video game console manufactured by ZAPiT Games. It was first released in Canada in October 2005. It is part of the seventh generation of video game consoles. It was released in the United States at an MSRP of $99. The Game Wave saved manufacturing costs by adding an Altera MAX II Complex Programmable Logic Device to an inexpensive DVD player. It was packaged with the pack-in game 4 Degrees: The Arc of Trivia, Vol. 1.
Norddeutscher Lloyd was a German shipping company. It was founded by Hermann Henrich Meier and Eduard Crüsemann in Bremen on 20 February 1857. It developed into one of the most important German shipping companies of the late 19th and early 20th centuries, and was instrumental in the economic development of Bremen and Bremerhaven. On 1 September 1970, the company merged with Hamburg America Line to form Hapag-Lloyd AG.
"Francis ""Frank"" Anthony Evers is an Irish & American businessman, the CEO of INSTITUTE/The Story Institute, and the president of Evergreen Pictures and Girl Culture Films."
Esmond Emerson Snell was an American biochemist who spent his career researching vitamins and nutritional requirements of bacteria and yeast. He is well known for his study of lactic acid-producing bacteria, developing microbiological assays for a number of key nutrients; the discovery of more than half of known vitamins has been attributed to the use of this work. He discovered several B vitamins, including folic acid, and characterized the biochemistry of vitamin B6.
Benoît Assou-Ekotto is a Cameroonian football player. He plays for Tottenham Hotspur and Cameroon national team.
Straight from the Shoulder is a lost 1921 silent film western directed by Bernard J. Durning and starring Buck Jones. It was produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation.
Fernando Pires Jorge is a Brazilian jewellery designer. He launched his eponymous fine jewellery brand in 2010, after completing an MA in design at Central Saint Martins.
A cosmopolitan, or informally a cosmo, is a cocktail made with vodka, triple sec, cranberry juice, and freshly squeezed or sweetened lime juice.
The Huntsville Hospital Health System, also known as Huntsville Hospital, is a public, not-for-profit hospital organization consisting of several sites and buildings originating in the downtown area of Huntsville, Alabama. The Huntsville Hospital Health System has expanded and now includes various owner/partnerships with other hospitals in the state. It has some 13,000 employees, 2,000 nurses and 650 physicians.
The Apostles are an English experimental punk rock band who developed within the confines of the 1980s anarcho-punk scene in the UK, but did not necessarily adhere to the aesthetics of that movement.
Buchy is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Stratford City Bus Station is located on Montfichet Road, adjacent to the main entrance of Westfield Stratford City. It opened on 13 September 2011 as part of the new shopping centre. An entrance to Stratford station is located adjacent to the entrance to Westfield and the bus station. The main entrance to Stratford station and Stratford bus station located across the link bridge on the other side of the railway.
Vrbice is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Knžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
Lasioglossum coriaceum is a species of sweat bee in the family Halictidae.
Birgisch is a former municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013 the former municipalities of Birgisch and Mund merged into the municipality of Naters.
James Bay is a large body of water located on the southern end of Hudson Bay in Canada. Both bodies of water extend from the Arctic Ocean, of which James Bay is the southernmost part. It borders the Canadian provinces of Quebec and Ontario. Islands within the bay, the largest of which is Akimiski Island, are part of Nunavut.
Native Hawaiians are the Aboriginal Polynesian people of the Hawaiian Islands or their descendants. Native Hawaiians trace their ancestry back to the original Polynesian settlers of Hawaii. In the most recent US census, 527,000 people identified as Native Hawaiian.
The New Mexico Bank & Trust Building is a 14-story, 62 m office skyscraper on Gold Avenue in downtown Albuquerque, New Mexico. It is the sixth-tallest building in the city. When completed in 1961, it surpassed the Simms Building to become the tallest building in the state, and was itself surpassed by the Bank of the West Tower two years later.
Todd Kelly is a retired Australian professional racing driver who competed in the Virgin Australia Supercars Championship. He is the older brother of fellow Supercars driver and former Bathurst 1000 winner, Rick Kelly. He drove for the Holden Racing Team from 2003 until 2007, and Perkins Engineering in 2008. Since 2009, he has been with his family team Kelly Racing. He is the youngest driver to have reached 100 starts in the series.
Cat Hills volcanic field is a monogenetic volcanic field located in New Mexico, US. The composition of the basalt is high alkali olivine.
"The Vindel River is a river in northern Sweden. It is a tributary to Ume River and the biggest tributary river in Sweden. It lends its name to the Vindelfjällens Nature Reserve, one of the largest protected areas in Europe, totaling 562,772 ha. Since it is partially located with the reserve, it is permanently protected from hydroelectric development. Downstream from where Vindelälven merges with Umeälven Sweden's largest hydropower plant is located. Considering that the river is not unregulated all the way to the ocean, but just in the part of it formally called Vindelälven, the decision to call it ""unregulated"" or ""permanently protected from hydropower"" is to be taken with a grain of salt.The river Vindel and its tributaries were important routes for transporting timber in northern Sweden, up until 1976. To ease the movement of logs downstream, wooden dams were constructed, side streams were cut off and tributaries were straightened and cleared. These changes significantly affected the river ecosystem and populations of wild fish, mammals, mussels and other species of aquatic and riparian habitats."
Dodge is a village in Dodge County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 612 at the 2010 census.
The Daja Hydroelectric Power Station is a hydroelectric power station in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county, Norway. It is located about 2.3 kilometers east-southeast of Jakobsbakken.
Earth radius is the distance from the center of Earth to a point on its surface. Its value ranges from 6,378 km at the equator to 6,357 km at a pole. A nominal Earth radius is sometimes used as a unit of measurement in astronomy and geophysics, denoted in astronomy by the symbol R. In other contexts, it is denoted or sometimes.
"Králický Snžník or nienik Kodzki is a mountain in Eastern Bohemia, located on the border between the Czech Republic and Poland. The name Snžník or nienik derives from the word for ""snow""; the mountain has snow cover for up to eight months a year. In Czech the adjective Králický is added to distinguish it from the mountain called Dínský Snžník. An alternative Polish name is nienik Kodzki, from the town of Kodzko. In German the mountain is known as Glatzer Schneeberg, Grulicher Schneeberg, or Spieglitzer Schneeberg.
Maków County is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Maków Mazowiecki, which lies 73 kilometres north of Warsaw. The only other town in the county is Róan, lying 20 km east of Maków Mazowiecki.
Zolochiv is a small city of district significance in the Lviv Oblast of Ukraine, the administrative center of Zolochiv Raion. The city is located 60 kilometers east of Lviv along Highway H02 Lviv-Ternopil and the railway line Krasne-Ternopil. Its population is approximately 24,269, covering an area of 1,164 km²
Pyin Oo Lwin or Pyin U Lwin, formerly and colloquially referred to as Maymyo, is a scenic hill town in Shan State, Myanmar, some 67 kilometers east of Mandalay, and at an elevation of 1,070 meters. The town was estimated to have a population of around 255,000 in 2014.
"Osaka Sangyo University is a private university in Dait, Osaka, Japan. It is abbreviated as ""DaiSanDai"" using the first characters of its name. It was established in 1923 as Osaka Railway School. The university has six faculties and four graduate schools. Its campuses are in the Nakagaito area of Daito City, Osaka close to the ancient Japanese capital of Nara. A satellite campus is in the Umeda district of Osaka. There are about 11,000 students; 10% of them are international students. It is one of the major universities in Japan with a higher number of international students.
Bear River City is a city in Box Elder County, Utah, United States. The population was 853 at the 2010 census, an increase over the 2000 population of 750. The population was sufficient under Utah state law for Bear River to become a city near the end of 2000. Although current state law requires a minimum population of 1000 for cities, Bear River City remains a city.
Joseph William Kennedy was an American chemist who was a co-discoverer of plutonium, along with Glenn T. Seaborg, Edwin McMillan and Arthur Wahl. During World War II he was head of the CM Division at the Manhattan Project's Los Alamos Laboratory, where he oversaw research onto the chemistry and metallurgy of uranium and plutonium. After the war, he was recruited as a professor at Washington University in St. Louis, where he is credited with transforming a university primarily concerned with undergraduate teaching into one that also boasts strong graduate and research programs. He died of cancer of the stomach at the age of 40.
Marneen Lynne Fields is an actress, musician, and former stuntwoman. She has appeared in over 150 movies and TV episodes as an actress, stuntwoman, or both.She has been noted as one of the prominent stuntwomen of the 1970s and 1980s.
The sagebrush sparrow is a medium-sized sparrow of the western United States and northwestern Mexico. It used to be placed in the genus Amphispiza, but evidence from 2007 and 2009 suggested it be placed in its own genus.
USS Delaware (BB-28) was a dreadnought battleship of the United States Navy, the lead ship of her class. She was laid down at Newport News Shipbuilding in November 1907, launched in January 1909, and completed in April 1910. The sixth ship to be named for the First State, Delaware was armed with a main battery of ten 12-inch guns all on the centerline, making her the most powerful battleship in the world at the time of her construction. She was also the first battleship of the US Navy to be capable of steaming at full speed for 24 continuous hours without suffering a breakdown.
"Karlovo námstí is a Prague Metro station on Line B. Its name is Czech for ""Charles Square"", after the plaza to which it is adjacent. The station has two exits, one leading to Charles Square and the other to Palacký Square, both of which are major tram hubs. The station was opened on 2 November 1985, as part of the inaugural section of Line B between Sokolovská and Smíchovské nádraží."
Blake Cochrane, OAM is an Australian Paralympic swimmer. He won two gold medals at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. He represented Australia at the 2016 Rio Paralympics where he won a silver medal.
Myoxocephalus scorpius, typically known as the shorthorn sculpin or bull-rout, is a species of fish in the family Cottidae. It is a demersal species of the Northern Atlantic and adjacent subarctic and Arctic seas. The species has many English names that are used less frequently or in small parts of its range, including Arctic sculpin, daddy sculpin, European sculpin, father-lasher, goat sculpin, Greenland sculpin, guffy, horny whore, pig-fish, scully, scummy, short-spined sea scorpion and warty sculpin.
Wolvendaal Church is located in Pettah, a neighbourhood of Colombo. It is one of the most important Dutch Colonial era buildings in Sri Lanka, and is one of the oldest Protestant churches still in use in the country.
La Fouillouse is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Prudhomat is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1988, adopted unanimously on June 17, 2011, after recalling resolutions 1267, 1333, 1363, 1373, 1390, 1452, 1455, 1526, 1566, 1617, 1624, 1699, 1730, 1735, 1822 and 1904 on terrorism and the threat to Afghanistan, the Council imposed separate sanctions regimes on Al-Qaeda and the Taliban.
Thunder Horse oil field is a large offshore deepwater oil field in the Gulf of Mexico, around 150 miles southeast of New Orleans, Louisiana. Large new oil discoveries within it were announced in early 2019.
The Those House is a historic property located at the corner of Strandgade and Torvegade in the Christianshavn neighbourhood of central Copenhagen, Denmark.
James Alexander McWha AO is a botanist whose professional career was devoted to teaching, research and educational administration in New Zealand, Northern Ireland and Australia. He retired as Vice-Chancellor and President of the University of Adelaide on 30 June 2012. In October 2013 he was appointed as Vice Chancellor of the newly created University of Rwanda. He retired from the University of Rwanda in October 2015.
Étaples or Étaples-sur-Mer is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France. It is a fishing and leisure port on the Canche river.
The Arthur River is a major perennial river located in the north-west region of Tasmania, Australia.
Elizabeth Williams is a New York City-based illustrator, courtroom artist and author. She has covered many high-profile court cases such as those of John DeLorean, Martha Stewart, John Gotti, Michael Milken, Bernard Madoff, Dominique Strauss-Khan, Michael Cohen, and the Times Square Bomber. Williams is the author with true crime writer Sue Russell of The Illustrated Courtroom: 50 Years of Court Art, a history of American courtroom sketch artistry published by CUNY Journalism Press in 2014.
Justin Irvin Upton is an American professional baseball player. He plays as a outfielder for the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim of Major League Baseball. Upton has also played for the Arizona Diamondbacks, Atlanta Braves, San Diego Padres and the Detrit Tigers. He was selected first overall by the Diamondbacks in the 2005 MLB Draft and was the Youngest Player in the National League in 2007. Upton was selected in 2009 for his first All-Star selection.
"Benjamin Robert ""Ben"" Moody is an American musician, singer, composer, record producer, and actor. He is best known as co-founder, lead guitarist, and co-songwriter of rock band Evanescence from its inception in 1995 to his departure in October 2003. Since leaving Evanescence, Moody has collaborated with an array of performers vocally, instrumentally, and as a writer. He is currently a member of The Halo Method and We Are the Fallen."
Hillsborough High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from Hillsborough Township in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States, operating as the lone secondary school of the Hillsborough Township School District. Students from Millstone also attend the school, after Millstone was integrated into the Hillsborough district, prior to which they had attended as part of a sending/receiving relationship.
The Forty Martyrs of Sebaste or the Holy Forty were a group of Roman soldiers in the Legio XII Fulminata whose martyrdom in 320 for the Christian faith is recounted in traditional martyrologies.
Voodoo is a highly modified North American P-51 Mustang that was the 2013, 2014 and 2016 Unlimited-class champion of the Reno Air Races. The pilot for these wins was Steven Hinton, Jr of Chino, California.
The president of Haiti, officially called the president of the Republic of Haiti is the head of state of Haiti. Executive power in Haiti is divided between the president and the government headed by the Prime Minister of Haiti. The current president is Jovenel Moïse, who took office on February 7, 2017.
Santísima Trinidad was a Spanish first-rate ship of the line with 112 guns. This was increased in 1795–96 to 130 guns by closing in the spar deck between the quarterdeck and forecastle, and around 1802 to 140 guns, thus creating what was in effect a continuous fourth gundeck although the extra guns added were actually relatively small. She was the heaviest-armed ship in the world when rebuilt, and bore the most guns of any ship of the line outfitted in the Age of Sail.
Johannesteijsmannia magnifica is a species of Johannesteijsmannia from Malaysia, Selangor.
Le Miodet is a 30.4-kilometre stream in the Auvergne region. It originates in the Livradois and joins the Dore, whereby it is a sub-affluent of la Loire.
The Indian elephant is one of three subspecies of the Asian elephant. It comes from mainland Asia. Since 1986, Elephants maximus has been listed as endangered by IUCN. The population has declined by at least 50% over the last 60–75 years. The species is also threatened by habitat loss, degradation and herds being split apart into smaller groups. In India it is recognized as the National animal of the country.
Puya sanctae-crucis is a species of flowering plant in the Bromeliaceae family. It is endemic to Bolivia.
Uvayuq, formerly Ovayok or Mount Pelly, is an esker in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut. It is located in the Canadian North on Victoria Island within the Ovayok Territorial Park. The hill, which is more than 200 m high, is located 15 km north east of the hamlet of Cambridge Bay, Nunavut.
Karina Lombard is an American/French actress of Native American, Russian, Italian descent. She is best known for her role as Isabelle Two in Legends of the Fall, chief Nonhelema in Timeless, and Marina Ferrer in the pilot and entire first season of The L Word, along with various other roles in such films as Wide Sargasso Sea and The Firm, and the television series CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, CSI: NY, NCIS, Rescue Me and The 4400.
Anna Alexeyevna Pogorilaya is a Russian figure skater. She is the 2016 World bronze medalist, the 2017 Europeans silver medalist, a two-time Europeans bronze medalist, the 2016 Rostelecom Cup champion, the 2013 Cup of China champion, the 2016 NHK Trophy champion, and the 2016 Russian national bronze medalist.
The Kia Sorento is a mid-size crossover SUV produced since 2002 by South Korean manufacturer Kia Motors.
Benjamin Robert Smith is a New Zealand rugby union player, currently representing Pau in the French Top 14. He formerly played for the Highlanders in the Super Rugby competition and for Otago in the ITM Cup.
The Unterrothon is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking Zermatt in the canton of Valais. It is located west of the Oberrothorn, on the range north of the Findel Glacier.
The Neill Log House is a historic log cabin built in 1765 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It is the oldest home in Pittsburgh. The other two oldest buildings in Pittsburgh are not homes. The Old Stone Inn was built in 1756 and The Fort Pitt Block House was built in 1764. The Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation placed a Historic Landmark Plaque on the building in 1970. In 1977, it was named a City of Pittsburgh Designated Historic Structure. It is part of Schenley Park U.S. Historic District
Bantala is a neighbourhood of East Kolkata in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Chevening is a village and civil parish in the Sevenoaks District of Kent, England. It was the location for the world's earliest known organised cricket match.
Hobgood is a town in Halifax County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2010 census, the town had a total population of 348. It is part of the Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Dwayne Romel Smith is a former Barbadian international cricketer who has represented the West Indies in all three formats of the game. A all-rounder, he is known as an aggressive and powerful right-handed batsman, bowls medium pace, and is also an athletic fielder.
Tomatlán is a town and municipality, in Jalisco south of Cabo Corrientes in central-western Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 153 km².
Great Tew is an English village and civil parish in the Cotswold Hills in Oxfordshire, about 5 miles north-east of Chipping Norton and 8 miles south-west of Banbury. The 2011 Census recorded a parish population of 156, so that it has an annual parish meeting instead of a parish council. In 2018, it was reported that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle had leased a property on the Great Tew estate.
Arenas is a barrio in the municipality of Utuado, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,860.
Infanta Maria Luisa of Spain was Holy Roman Empress, German Queen, Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, and Grand Duchess of Tuscany as the spouse of Leopold II, Holy Roman Emperor.
Mount Breakenridge, 2,395 m or 7,858 ft, is a mountain in the Lillooet Ranges of southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located on the east side of upper Harrison Lake in the angle of mountains formed by that lake and the Big Silver River.
HDMS Sælen (S323) is one of the three Tumleren-class small coastal submarines of the Royal Danish Navy.
Mandai is a planning area located in the North Region of Singapore, famously known for being the access point of the Singapore Zoo and Night Safari.
Elands Bay is a town in South Africa, situated in the Western Cape Province, on the Atlantic Ocean, at 32°18S 18°19E. The town is located about 220 kilometres north from Cape Town. It is a world class surfing location and is also noted for its caves, which have a number of rock paintings.
Holkham Camp, or Holkham Fort, is an Iron Age fort in Norfolk, England, about 1 mile north-west of the village of Holkham.
The AC Cobra, sold in the United States as the Shelby Cobra and AC Shelby Cobra, is a British-American sports car with a Ford V8 engine, produced intermittently in both the UK and the US since 1962.
Xuyên Mc is a rural district of Bà Ra–Vng Tàu Province in the Southeast region of Vietnam. As of 2003, the district had a population of 132,117. The district covers an area of 642 km².
The Ouche is a river in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France. It is a right tributary of the Saône, which it joins in Échenon. It is 95.4 km long. Its source is in Lusigny-sur-Ouche. The Ouche flows through the towns of Bligny-sur-Ouche, La Bussière-sur-Ouche, Fleurey-sur-Ouche, Velars-sur-Ouche, Dijon, Longvic and Varanges. Part of the Canal de Bourgogne runs through the Ouche valley.
Wgorzewo County is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland, on the border with Russia. It was created in 2002 out of the northern part of Giycko County. Its administrative seat and only town is Wgorzewo, which lies 95 kilometres north-east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
Hilma Sohvi Räsänen was a Finnish educator and politician. A member of the Agrarian League, she was elected to Parliament in 1907 as one of the first group of female MPs. She remained an MP until the following year.
"Darius is a male given name. Etymologically it is the English transliteration of the Persian name Dariush, meaning ""he possesses"" or ""rich and kingly"". The name also has another meaning: ""He who holds firm to good."""
HMS Diamond is the third ship of the Type 45 or Daring-class air-defence destroyers built for the Royal Navy. She was launched in 2007, completed her contractor's sea trials in July 2010 and arrived at her base port on 22 September 2010. Diamond was commissioned in a traditional ceremony on 6 May 2011, and formally entered service on 12 July 2011.
Pardaxin is a peptide produced by the Red Sea sole and the Pacific Peacock sole that is used as a shark repellent. It causes lysis of mammalian and bacterial cells, similar to melittin.
Tiina Juulia Sanila-Aikio or Skolt Sami: Paavvâl Taannâl Tiina is a reindeer herder, Skolt musician, teacher, and a former vice-president and president of the Finnish Sámi Parliament.
A statue of Mickey Mantle is installed outside Oklahoma City's Chickasaw Bricktown Ballpark, in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
Euborellia is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily Anisolabidinae. It was cited by Srivastava in Part 2 of Fauna of India. Euborellia are small, dark-colored earwigs. Species can be difficult to distinguish from one another. There are about 50 species.
Tate Modern is a modern art gallery located in London. It is Britain's national gallery of international modern art and forms part of the Tate group. It is based in the former Bankside Power Station, in the Bankside area of the London Borough of Southwark. Tate holds the national collection of British art from 1900 to the present day and international modern and contemporary art. Tate Modern is one of the largest museums of modern and contemporary art in the world. As with the UK's other national galleries and museums, there is no admission charge for access to the collection displays, which take up the majority of the gallery space, while tickets must be purchased for the major temporary exhibitions. The gallery is a highly visited museum, with 5.9 million visitors in 2018, making it the sixth-most visited art museum in the world, and the most visited in Britain.
Mineral County is a county located in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 4,223. Its county seat is Superior.
"Hrad Vallis is an ancient outflow channel in the Cebrenia quadrangle of Mars, located at 38.7° north latitude and 224.7° west longitude. It is 825 km in length and was named for the word for ""Mars"" in Armenian."
Artemis Skevakis Jegart Housewright is a painter and interior decorator from Florida, named one of the outstanding new talents in the US by Art in America in 1956.
Camp Victory was the primary component of the Victory Base Complex which occupied the area surrounding the Baghdad International Airport. The Al-Faw Palace, which served as the headquarters for the Multi-National Corps – Iraq, was located on Camp Victory. Camp Victory itself lay approximately 5 kilometers from BIAP.
Lowry is a city in Pope County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 299 at the 2010 census.
Fullerton Junction railway station served the village of Fullerton, Hampshire, England. It was on the Sprat and Winkle Line and the Fullerton to Hurstbourne Line.
"Neuweiler Brewery, also known as Germania Brewery, is a historic brewery complex located at Allentown, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania. The complex was built between 1911 and 1913, and consists of the office building, brew house, stock house, pump house, wash house, chemistry lab building, boiler room, bottling house, garage, fermenting cellar, and smokestack with the name ""Neuweiler"" on it. The office building is a two-story, brick and granite building. The remaining buildings in the complex are built of brick. The brew house stands six-stories, and has a copper hipped roof with cupola. The stock house is a long, narrow four-story building. The brewery closed in 1968."
The White River is a white, glacial river in the U.S. state of Washington. It flows about 75 miles from its source, the Emmons Glacier on Mount Rainier, to join the Puyallup River at Sumner. It defines part of the boundary between King and Pierce counties.
The Dutch Gold Coast expedition of 1869–1870 followed the resistance of the local Fante people surrounding the forts assigned to the Netherlands in the 1868 forts trade along the Gold Coast with Britain to Dutch rule. Although the Dutch managed to eventually control the situation, the events marked the end of Dutch involvement in the Gold Coast. Without a profit for almost a century, the escalation finally made the political balance shift in favour of the liberal faction, which wanted to sell the colony to Britain, and away from the nationalist faction, which wanted to retain the colony for reasons of national prestige.
Luffa operculata is a species of Luffa. It is cultivated for its fruit, which when fully ripe is strongly fibrous and is used as a fibrous scrubbing sponge for household cleaning. The fruit is a capsule with spikes. The fruit is dark-brown when mature. It is also grown in gardens and yards as an ornamental plant. In colder places they can be grown indoors as a houseplant.
The statue of Taras Shevchenko is an outdoor sculpture by Valentyn Znoba, installed in Smíchov, Prague, in the Czech Republic.
Marius Willsch is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for 1860 Munich.
The Suli An is a han in the Old Bazaar of Skopje, North Macedonia. It was built in the mid-15th century by Isa-Beg Isakovi.
The buff-necked woodpecker is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
Edogawa Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in the Edogawa area of Tokyo, Japan. The stadium looks the same as many multi-purpose stadiums of its era in Japan. The stadium seats about 7,000 and is mainly used for football but features a broad running track for track and field events.
Hahira is a city in northwest Lowndes County, Georgia, United States. The population was 2,737 at the 2010 census, up from 1,626 at the 2000 census.
Jeremy Charles Shockey is a former American football tight end. He was drafted by the New York Giants 14th overall in the 2002 NFL Draft. He played college football at the University of Miami.
Bishop Jacek Pyl, O.M.I. is a Polish-born Ukrainian Roman Catholic prelate, who serves as an Auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Odessa-Simferopol and the Titular Bishop of Nova Sinna since 21 October 2006.
Michael Owen Jackels is the twelfth bishop and tenth archbishop of Dubuque in the U.S. state of Iowa. He was previously the Bishop of Wichita in Kansas, replacing Bishop Thomas J. Olmsted. Jackels was consecrated bishop at the Church of the Magdalen in Wichita on April 4, 2005.
The Daytona Beach Bandshell is an amphitheatre in Daytona Beach, Florida, United States. It is located at Ocean Avenue, north of the junction of Main Street and Atlantic Avenue. On March 5, 1999, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. On April 18, 2012, the AIA's Florida Chapter placed the Daytona Beach Bandshell on its list of Florida Architecture: 100 Years. 100 Places.
Iker Flores Galarza is a Spanish former professional road bicycle racer, who rode professionally between 1999 and 2007 for the Euskaltel–Euskadi and Fuerteventura–Canarias teams. He took the overall victory at the Tour de l'Avenir, along with one stage, in 2000. However, Flores did not add any professional victories, and finished the 2005 Tour de France as Lanterne Rouge, as did his brother Igor Flores in 2002. Flores was known for his attacking style of riding.
Andrew av Fløtum is a Faroese football striker, currently playing for Faroe Islands Premier League Football team HB Tórshavn.
Castellví de Rosanes is a municipality in the comarca of the Baix Llobregat
The Church of St. John the Baptist is a Roman Catholic church located in the centre of Molenbeek-Saint-Jean, a municipality of Brussels, Belgium.
Heinz Pernet was a German military officer and Erich Ludendorff's stepson. He was a top figure in the Beer Hall Putsch of November 1923. He was among the nine men tried and convicted along with Adolf Hitler and Erich Ludendorff in 1924. He later became an SA-Brigadeführer.
Harold John Daub Jr. is an American lawyer and politician from Nebraska who served four terms in the United States House of Representatives and as the 54th Mayor of Omaha, Nebraska. In 2012, Daub was elected to the Board of Regents of the University of Nebraska system. He is a member of the Republican Party.
Rungstedlund, also known as the Karen Blixen Museum, is a country house in Rungsted on the Øresund coast just north of Copenhagen, Denmark, notable for its association with the author Karen Blixen, who lived there for most of her life. She was born on the estate in 1885, and returned there after her years in Kenya, chronicled in her 1937 book Out of Africa, to do most of her writings. The property is today managed by the Rungstedlund Foundation as a writer's house museum.
Shidami Kofun group is a cluster of seven Kofun period burial mounds, located in what is now part of Moriyama-ku, Nagoya, Aichi Prefecture in the Tkai region of Japan. The Shiratorizuka Kofun was designated a National Historic Site of Japan in 1972 and the remaining six were added to the designation in 2014..
You Can't Read This Book: Censorship in an Age of Freedom is a book by Nick Cohen about modern censorship, plutocratic power and privacy laws, freedom of speech, and free expression.
Angeot is a commune in the Territoire de Belfort department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in northeastern France.
Upper Deerfield Township is a township in Cumberland County, New Jersey, United States. It is part of the Vineland-Millville-Bridgeton Primary Metropolitan Statistical Area for statistical purposes. As of the 2010 United States Census, the township's population was 7,660, reflecting an increase of 104 from the 7,556 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 629 from the 6,927 counted in the 1990 Census.
The Armidale Region is a local government area in the New England and Northern Tablelands regions of New South Wales, Australia. This area was formed in 2016 from the merger of the Armidale Dumaresq Shire with the surrounding Guyra Shire.
Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics is an independent research centre in foundational theoretical physics located in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada. It was founded in 1999. The Institute's founding and major benefactor is Canadian entrepreneur and philanthropist Mike Lazaridis.
Mia Žnidari is a Slovenian jazz singer.
Clovis is a city in Fresno County, California, United States. The 2020 population was 118,014. Clovis is located 6.5 miles northeast of downtown Fresno, at an elevation of 361 feet.
BR-304 is a Brazilian federal highway that begins in Beberibe, Ceará and ends in Natal, Rio Grande do Norte. The highway also serves the municipalities of Aracati in Ceará and Mossoró, Lajes and Parnamirim in Rio Grande do Norte.
Coos County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2010 census, the county has a population of 63,043 people. The county seat is Coquille.
Cactophagus is a genus of snout and bark beetles in the family Dryophthoridae found in Central American, southern North America, and northern South America. There are more than 50 described species in Cactophagus.
Sugar Creek Township is one of the twelve townships of Allen County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census the population was 1,283.
La Besace is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.
Nordine Zouareg is a French-American fitness personality, high-performance coach and author who has won Mr. France, Mr. Europe, Mr. World, and Mr. Universe in 1986. He currently resides in Tucson, Arizona with his two children.
Sineu is a municipality in central Mallorca, one of the Balearic Islands, Spain. Olympic cyclist Francisco Tortellá was born here.
Silvio Micali is an Italian computer scientist at MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory and a professor of computer science in MIT's Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science since 1983. His research centers on the theory of cryptography and information security.
Giardini Naxos is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Messina on the island of Sicily in southern Italy. It is situated on the coast of the Ionian Sea on a bay which lies between Cape Taormina and Cape Schisò. Since the 1970s it has become a seaside-resort.
Uranchimegiin Mönkh-Erdene is an amateur boxer from Mongolia who competed in the Lightweight and junior welterweight divisions at three Olympics, in 2004, 2008 and won a bronze medal at the 2012.
Pakistan Railways is the national, state-owned railway company of Pakistan. Founded in 1861 and headquartered in Lahore, it owns 7,791 kilometres of track across Pakistan from Torkham to Karachi, offering both freight and passenger services.
The Maschen disc brooch is an Early Medieval fibula, which was found in 1958 during archaeological excavations of the late Saxon grave field near Maschen, in the Lower Saxony district of Harburg, Germany. On its face side, the fibula shows an unidentified saint with a halo. It was found in a woman's grave of the beginning of the Christianization of northern Germany, and is in the permanent exhibition of the Archaeological Museum Hamburg in Harburg, Hamburg.
The Miracle in Motown was the final play of an American football game between the NFC North divisional rivals Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions on Thursday, December 3, 2015. The game, which was broadcast on television nationally on Thursday Night Football, was played at Ford Field in Detroit, Michigan during the 2015 NFL season. On the final play of regulation, with no time remaining on the game clock, Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers threw a 61-yard Hail Mary pass into the end-zone that was caught by tight end Richard Rodgers for the game-winning touchdown after defensive end Devin Taylor face masked Rodgers which resulted in a one additional play.
Carignan is a red grape variety of Spanish origin that is more commonly found in French wine but is widely planted throughout the western Mediterranean and around the globe. Along with Aramon, it was considered one of the main grapes responsible for France's wine lake and was a substantial producer in jug wine production in California's Central Valley but in recent years, it has been reborn as a flagship wine for many cellars in the south of France as well as in Catalonia.
The 2019 Castilian-Leonese regional election was held on Sunday, 26 May 2019, to elect the 10th Cortes of the autonomous community of Castile and León. All 81 seats in the Cortes were up for election. The election was held simultaneously with regional elections in eleven other autonomous communities and local elections all throughout Spain, as well as the 2019 European Parliament election.
The Class HD300 is a hybrid diesel/battery Bo-Bo wheel arrangement shunting locomotive type operated by Japan Freight Railway Company in Japan.
Lunella torquata, common name the twisted necklace, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.
Ustevatn is a lake in the municipality of Hol in Viken county, Norway. The main inflow is on the west side of the lake provided by Ustekveikja, which originates from the area around Finse in Hordaland. Norwegian National Road 7 runs along the north side of the lake. Bergen line railway has stations at Ustaoset and Haugastøl.
DRBD is a distributed replicated storage system for the Linux platform. It is implemented as a kernel driver, several userspace management applications, and some shell scripts. DRBD is traditionally used in high availability computer clusters, but beginning with DRBD version 9, it can also be used to create larger software defined storage pools with a focus on cloud integration.
Sportpark Westvliet is a cricket ground in Voorburg, the Netherlands. The first recorded match on the ground came in 2010 when Afghanistan played Scotland in a warm-up match for the 2010 World Cricket League Division One, which the Netherlands hosted. Despite having a boundary which is too short on one side, which is contrary to International Cricket Council regulation, the ground was nevertheless approved to hold One Day Internationals during the World Cricket League tournament. The first One Day International saw Afghanistan play Canada. Three further One Day Internationals were played there, however a further two matches were scheduled to be held there but were moved due to the pitch being deemed unsatisfactory. One Day International cricket returned to the ground in 2011 when the Netherlands played Kenya in the 2011-13 ICC Intercontinental Cup One-Day.
Covarrubias is a village and municipality in the province of Burgos in the Spanish autonomous community of Castile and León.
Autumn in New England begins in late September and ends in late December, it marks the transition from summer to winter and is known for its vibrant colors and picturesque beauty. The autumn color of the trees and flora in New England has been reported to be some of the most brilliant natural color in the United States; as such, it is a popular tourist destination, attracting visitors from across North America and overseas. Travelers flock to Vermont, New Hampshire, Maine, and parts of Massachusetts to see the colors each fall, a practice known as leaf peeping. Hiking during Autumn has become popular, and several areas offer guided tours.
Hiraka was a town located in Minamitsugaru District in central Aomori Prefecture, Japan.
On 29 November 2013, a police helicopter operated by Bond Air Services for Police Scotland crashed into the Clutha, a pub in central Glasgow, killing all three crew on board and seven patrons of the pub. Thirty-one more people in the pub were injured.
"Kouklia is a village in the Paphos District, about 16 kilometres from the city of Paphos on the Mediterranean island of Cyprus. The village is built in the area of ""Palaepaphos"", mythical birthplace of Aphrodite, Greek goddess of love and beauty, which became the centre for her worship in the ancient world.
Bangiya Bijnan Parishad is a science organization founded by Satyendra Nath Bose in 1948. As a science organization, the Bangiya Bijnan Parishad led the Science-Movement. Nowadays, many science movement organization take the inspiration from Bangiya Bijnan Parishad directly or indirectly.
Sisa Sklovská is a Slovak singer. She studied at Academy of Performing Arts in Bratislava and subsequently joined the Slovak National Theatre, where she performed for five years as a soloist. Sklovská was among the judges for the X Factor. Slovak president Ivan Gašparovi attended her wedding to Juraj Lelkes in January 2011.
Apple cake is a popular dessert produced with the main ingredient of apples. Such a cake is of slicing this sweet fruit to add fragrance to a plain cake base. Traditional apple cakes go a step further by including various spices such as nutmeg or cinnamon, which give a unique flavor. Upon the addition of spices the batter can also be accompanied by crushed nuts, the most popular being walnuts and almonds.
"Peter and the Wolf is the American folk band formed by musician Redding Hunter. Hunter says about his song writing, ""I carry a journal everywhere with me. I will stop in the middle of whatever I'm doing to write down an idea, whether it's something I think about, hear, observe, or whatever. It's my highest priority to make sure I capture these ideas, as the craft of songwriting is a lifelong pursuit"". The band's record label offers early demos called Peter and the Wolf and Experiments in Junk, but the first official CD released was Lightness. After the release of Lightness the band performed several shows in graveyards, islands, as well as more regular venues. The Ivori Palms became the act's second official release in September 2007, followed by Mellow Owl and Traffique's Endless Weekend Mixtape, the newest album, Easy Mountain, was released in December, 2011.
Lucavsala is an island located on the Daugava River in Riga, Latvia. It has a population of 98.
Crothersville is a town in Vernon Township, Jackson County, Indiana, United States. The population was 1,591 at the 2010 census. It was laid out in 1835 and named after Dr. Crothers, a railroad superintendent.
The ERM protein family consists of three closely related proteins, ezrin, radixin and moesin. The three paralogs, ezrin, radixin and moesin, are present in vertebrates, whereas other species have only one ERM gene. Therefore, in vertebrates these paralogs likely arose by gene duplication.
Pueblo Rico is a town and municipality in the Department of Risaralda, Colombia.
"Charlotte High School is a historic public high school in Punta Gorda, Florida, United States serving ninth through twelfth grade students. The school is part of the Charlotte County Public Schools district, with admission based primarily on the locations of students' homes. Established in 1926, Charlotte High is located at 1250 Cooper Street. The school carries the slogan of ""Charlotte County's First and Finest"" since it remained the only high school in Charlotte County, Florida for many years until its top rival schools, Port Charlotte High School and Lemon Bay High School, respectively, were built. With 1,850 students, Charlotte High School is the largest high school in Charlotte County by student population.
The king vulture, is a large bird found in Central and South America. This vulture lives predominantly in tropical lowland forests stretching from southern Mexico to northern Argentina. It is the only surviving member of the genus Sarcoramphus, although fossil members are known.
Langdale Historic District is a historic district in Valley, Alabama and Harris County, Georgia, United States. It was listed on the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on July 22, 1991 and the National Register of Historic Places on November 12, 1999. It lies primarily in Valley, Alabama, on the West side of the Chattahoochee River.
Cegelnica is a settlement in the Municipality of Naklo in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Frederick County is located in the northern part of the U.S. state of Maryland. As of the 2010 U.S. Census, the population was 240,336. The county seat is Frederick.
"Matthew James Bentley is an American professional wrestler best known for his work in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling by the ring name Michael Shane, later changed to ""Maverick"" Matt Bentley. He was trained by his cousin, Shawn Michaels, and he took the name Michael Shane, a play on his cousin's name, originating from Michaels' guest appearance in Pacific Blues. Additionally, Bentley utilizes Michaels' signature superkick maneuver as his own finisher."
Streno is a village and municipality in the Žilina District in the Žilina Region in North Slovakia. It is located by the Váh River in the Malá Fatra Mts. Situated 7 km east from Žilina, Streno is most famous for its gothic castle ruins.
Halle Olympique is an indoor arena located in Albertville, France. For the 1992 Winter Olympics, it hosted the figure skating and the short track speed skating events. It was first use for the 1991 Trophée Lalique, which was staged as a test event for the Olympics. The venue also hosted selected matches of the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
The Burmese passport or the Myanmar passport is the passport issued to citizens and nationals of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar.
Gabe Logan Newell, nicknamed Gaben, is an American businessman, the co-founder and president of the video game developer and digital distribution company Valve. Educated at Davis Senior High School and attending Harvard University from 1980 until dropping out in 1983, Newell joined Microsoft, where he, over the course of thirteen years, helped create the first iterations of the Microsoft Windows operating system. Together with Mike Harrington, he left Microsoft in 1996 to found Valve.
Near East Art Museum is a museum of art located in Yerevan, Armenia. The museum was opened in 1993 and is based on a collection donated by Marcos Grigorian, painter, collector and honorary citizen of Yerevan in the memory of his daughter, actress Sabrina Grigorian, The museum shares the building with Yerevan Museum of Literature and Culture.
Kenneth Earl Clay is a former Major League Baseball right-handed pitcher. Following his brief major league career, Clay had several run ins with the law. Most recently, he was sentenced to five years in jail for grand theft for creating a fake sales order at the Sarasota, Florida copy machine office in which he worked.
Scott Township is one of thirty-seven townships in Holt County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 65 at the 2000 census. A 2006 estimate placed the township's population at 60.
Segovia is one of the 52 constituencies represented in the Congress of Deputies, the lower chamber of the Spanish parliament, the Cortes Generales. The constituency currently elects four deputies. Its boundaries correspond to those of the Spanish province of Segovia. The electoral system uses the D'Hondt method and a closed-list proportional representation, with a minimum threshold of three percent.
Dumaran, officially the Municipality of Dumaran, is a 3rd class municipality in the province of Palawan, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 23,734 people.
"The Old Court, Llangattock Lingoed, Monmouthshire is a medieval hall house dating from the late 15th century, with additions from the 17th and 19th centuries. ""Of unusual sophistication"", it is a Grade II* listed building."
"West of Broadway is a lost 1926 American silent romantic comedy/Western film directed by Robert Thornby and starring Priscilla Dean. It was released through Producers Distributing Corporation. The film was based on the short story ""New York West"" by Wallace Smith and was adapted for the screen by Harold Shumate."
Abuko is a town in the West Coast Division of the Gambia, five miles southwest of the capital Banjul.
"Corinne Griffith was an American film actress, producer, author and businesswoman. Dubbed ""The Orchid Lady of the Screen,"" she was widely regarded as one of the most beautiful actresses of the silent film era. In addition to her beauty, Griffith achieved critical recognition for her performance in Frank Lloyd's The Divine Lady, which earned her a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress.
Schafer State Park is a public recreation area straddling the Satsop River midway between Olympia and Aberdeen in the Satsop Hills of Mason County, Washington. The 122-acre state park offers camping, two miles of hiking trails, fishing, swimming, birdwatching, interpretive activities, wildlife viewing, and horseshoes. The park's abundance of historic structures led to its being added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
Peter Willem Drost is a former freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed at the 1980 and 1984 Summer Olympics. His best individual result came in 1984, when he finished in seventh place in the 4×200 m freestyle relay, alongside his younger brother Frank, Hans Kroes and Edsard Schlingemann. He is not related to Monique Drost, who is also a retired swimmer who competed at the 1980 Olympics.
Madona Municipality is a municipality in Vidzeme, Latvia. The municipality was formed in 2009 by merging Arona parish, Barkava parish, Brzaune parish, Dzelzava parish, Kalsnava parish, Lazdona parish, Liezre parish, audona parish, Mrciena parish, Mtriena parish, Ošupe parish, Prauliena parish, Sarkai parish, Vestiena parish and Madona town the administrative centre being Madona.
"Yacine Nasr Eddine Brahimi is a professional footballer who plays for Qatari club Al-Rayyan and the Algeria national team. He plays as an attacking midfielder and a winger and is described as a ""technically gifted player"". His coach, Frédéric Antonetti, declared Brahimi would be the ""future play-maker of Stade Rennais"". Yacine is also known for his ""Brahimi Moments"".
The Majestic Theatre is a 600-capacity live music venue in downtown Madison, Wisconsin. Opened in 1906, it is Madison's oldest theater, changing ownership many times and adapting to the many changes in the entertainment business throughout its history. Beginning as a vaudeville theater, it became a movie house by 1912 with occasional live acts, and converted to talking motion pictures by 1930. Today the theater is owned and operated by Matt Gerding and Scott Leslie who acquired the theater in 2007 and made it into a successful music club hosting DJs and live shows several nights a week.
Charles Musonda, known as Charly Musonda or Charly Musonda Junior, is a Belgian professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Chelsea. Mainly an attacking midfielder, he can play as a winger.
RMS Mataroa was a 12,341-ton ocean liner built by Harland & Wolff in 1922. It was scrapped in 1957.
John Graham Mellor, better known by his stage name, Joe Strummer, was the co-founder, lyricist, rhythm guitarist and lead vocalist of the British punk rock band The Clash.
Annmarie O'Riordan, born 15 August 1990, in Duhallow in County Cork, is an Irish singer.
"Christine ""Kiki"" Caron is a French former backstroke swimmer. She won the silver medal in 100 m backstroke at the 1964 Summer Olympics and the gold medal in the same event at the 1966 European Aquatics Championships. She also participated in the 1968 Summer Olympics where she was the first woman to carry the French flag at the opening ceremony. During her swimming career she won 29 national swimming titles. Her elder sister Annie was also a swimmer and competed at the 1960 Olympics.
"St. Philip's Church is an historic church at 142 Church Street in Charleston, South Carolina. Its National Historic Landmark description states: ""Built in 1836, this stuccoed brick church features an imposing tower designed in the Wren-Gibbs tradition. Three Tuscan pedimented porticoes contribute to this design to make a building of the highest quality and sophistication."" On November 7, 1973, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places and designated a National Historic Landmark."
Tetsugor Yorozu was a Japanese painter, noted for his work in introducing the Avant-garde trend, especially cubism into Japanese yga painting in the early 20th century.
The Koetei-class was a class of three colonial schroefstoomschepen 4e klasse built by the Nederlandse Scheepsbouw Maatschappij in Amsterdam and Maatschappij voor Scheeps- en Werktuigbouw Fijenoord in Rotterdam for the Royal Netherlands Navy. The class comprised Koetei, Siboga and Assahan.
Silbermond is a German rock band from Bautzen, Saxony. The band consists of Stefanie Kloß, Andreas Nowak, and brothers Johannes and Thomas Stolle.
Annette Lemieux is an American artist who emerged in the early 1980s along with the “picture theory” artists. Lemieux brought to the studio a discipline equally based on introspection, and the manifestations of an ideological minimalism. Process is a key component in the execution of her works over the past three decades, creating the lure to the confrontation of issues of social and historical urgency.
The Habsburg class was a group of pre-dreadnought battleships built by Austria-Hungary at the turn of the 20th century. They were the first sea-going battleship built by Austria-Hungary since the center-battery ship Tegetthoff in 1876. The class was composed of three ships: Habsburg, Árpád, and Babenberg. They were armed with three 24 cm guns in two turrets and were capable of slightly better than 19.5 knots at full speed. Habsburg and Árpád were modernized in 1910–11.
The Ayutthaya Kingdom was a Siamese kingdom that existed from 1350 to 1767 centered on the city of Ayutthaya. The Kingdom of Ayutthaya is considered to be the precursor of modern Thailand and its developments become the main part of History of Thailand.
Phenylalanine is an essential -amino acid with the formula C
Kong Rong, courtesy name Wenju, was a singer, scholar and minor warlord who lived during the late Eastern Han dynasty of China. He was a 20th generation descendant of Confucius. As he was once the Chancellor of Beihai State, he was also known as Kong Beihai. He was defeated by Yuan Tan in 196 and escaped to the capital Xuchang. For being a political opponent of Cao Cao and humiliating him on multiple occasions, Kong Rong was eventually put to death on various charges.
Krzczonów is a village in Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Krzczonów. It lies approximately 29 kilometres south of the regional capital Lublin.
Wanouchi is a town located in Anpachi District, Gifu Prefecture, Japan. As of 1 April 2018, the town had an estimated population of 9,910 in 3,183 households and a population density of 439 persons per km².The total area of the town is 22.33 square kilometres.
Star Wars: Jedi Knight is a first-person shooter and third-person shooter video game series set in the fictional Star Wars expanded universe. The series focuses primarily on Kyle Katarn, a former Imperial officer who becomes a Jedi and an instructor at the Jedi Academy.
Ahneby is a municipality in Schleswig-Flensburg district, in northern Germany.
Sevenoaks is a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2019 by Laura Trott, a Conservative.
Sergej Milinkovi-Savi, commonly known mononymously as Sergej, is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Lazio and the Serbian national team.
Paul Montgomery Shore is an American actor, comedian and filmmaker best known for his roles in several comedy films in the 1990s. Shore began as a stand up comedian at the age of 17, before becoming an MTV VJ in 1989. This led to a starring role in comedy film Encino Man in 1992 which was a modest hit. Roles in other films followed, including Son in Law and Bio-Dome.
Punta Izopo National Park is a national park located in the municipality of Tela, on the northern Caribbean coast of the Atlántida department of Honduras. It has an altitude of 118 metres.
Dragiša Blagojevi is a Montenegrin chess player who holds the title of Grandmaster, six-times Montenegrin Chess Championship winner, Chess Olympiad individual gold medal winner.
Brett Butler is an American actress and stand-up comedian. She is best known for playing Grace in the sitcom Grace Under Fire. She has also done other television programs and comedy acts.
Cerithidea rhizophorarum is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Potamididae.
Trevor Potter is a lawyer, former commissioner and chairman of the United States Federal Election Commission. He is the Founder and President of the Campaign Legal Center, a nonprofit organization which works in the areas of campaign finance and elections, political communication and government ethics. A Republican, he was the General Counsel to John McCain's two presidential campaigns. Potter is a vocal critic of unlimited corporate spending and dark money in politics allowed by the Citizens United v. FEC ruling.
Soucia is a commune in the Jura department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
The William Bates House is located on South Carolina Highway 14 in Greenville County near Greenville, South Carolina. The two-story vernacular structure was built ca1835 for William Bates, a pioneer in the textile industry, who founded Batesville Cotton Mill. It is believed that the house is the only remaining structure associated with William Bates.
Högsäter is a locality situated in Färgelanda Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden. It had 705 inhabitants in 2010.
Selby Apartments is a historic three-building apartment complex in Omaha, Nebraska built in 1942. It was designed in the Prairie School style by architect Reinholdt F. Hennig, and was built by Frank Selby. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
The Lone Wolf's Daughter is a surviving 1919 American silent era crime/drama/thriller motion picture starring Bertram Grassby, Louise Glaum, and Thomas Holding.
The Ghana Revenue Authority is the Ghana administration charged with the task of assessing, collecting and accounting for tax revenue in Ghana. The core mandate of the Authority is to ensure maximum compliance with relevant laws in order to ensure a sustainable revenue stream for government as well as the controlled and safe flow of goods across the county’s borders.
Thoropa miliaris is a species of frog in the family Cycloramphidae.
Alicia Haydock Munnell is an American economist who is the Peter F. Drucker Professor of Management Sciences at Boston College's Carroll School of Management. Educated at Wellesley College, Boston University, and Harvard University, Munnell spent 20 years as an economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston, where she researched wealth, savings, and retirement among American workers. She served in the Bill Clinton administration as Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy and as a member of the Council of Economic Advisers. Since 1997 she has been a professor at Boston College and director of its Center for Retirement Research, where she writes on retirement income policy.
The 369th Bombardment Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the 306th Bombardment Wing stationed at MacDill Air Force Base, Florida.
Vaideeni is a commune located in Vâlcea County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Cerna, Cornetu, Izvoru Rece, Maria and Vaideeni.
Helmut Schmidt was a German-born physicist and parapsychologist.
The Do-it-yourself Mermaid is an 11 foot plywood sailing dinghy designed by Roger Hancock in 1962. Usually built at home, it is suitable for a crew of two or three. It can be sailed, rowed or motored and can be trailed or car-topped. The boat is gunter rigged, with one size of jib. A spinnaker is used for racing.
John Mayow FRS was a chemist, physician, and physiologist who is known today for doing early research into respiration and the nature of air. Mayow worked in a field that is sometimes called pneumatic chemistry.
Wicklow Gap is one of the highest Irish mountain passes served by an asphalted road. It is located in County Wicklow, Ireland.
Checotah is a town in McIntosh County, Oklahoma, United States. It was named for Samuel Checote, the first chief of the Creek Nation elected after the Civil War. The population was 3,481 at the 2000 census. According to Census 2010, the population has decreased to 3,335; a 4.19% loss.
RFA Fort Austin is a British Fort Rosalie-class dry stores ship of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary.
Almendral de la Cañada is a municipality located in the province of Toledo, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2006 census, the municipality has a population of 368 inhabitants.
Rémigny is a municipality in northwestern Quebec, Canada, in the Témiscamingue Regional County Municipality.
Ratchanok Intanon is a Thai badminton player who became the first Thai to become No.1 in women's singles. She is known for her relaxed hitting motion and light footwork, which has been described as 'balletic' by commentators such as Gillian Clark. She became world champion in women's singles in 2013.
Larry Richard Csonka is a former professional American football fullback and was inducted to both the College Football Hall of Fame and Pro Football Hall of Fame. With the Miami Dolphins he was a member of their perfect season in 1972 and won Super Bowl championships in 1972 and 1973.
St. Ann Highlands is a census-designated place in Boulder County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 288.
Walter Reed, better known by his stage name Killah Priest, is an American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan affiliate who was raised in Bedford-Stuyvesant and Brownsville, Brooklyn. He is known for his intensely spiritual lyrics, containing religious references and metaphors. He is connected to the Black Hebrew Israelites through his rhymes, and is known for his controversial and political subject matter. He is also a part of supergroup the HRSMN along with Canibus, Ras Kass, and Kurupt.
i was the fourth of five Kuma-class light cruiser, which served in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II. She was named after the i River in Shizuoka prefecture, Japan. Designed as a command vessel for a destroyer squadron, she was converted into a torpedo cruiser with forty torpedo launch tubes in a plan abandoned by the Japanese Navy in 1942. During most of the Pacific War, she was used primarily as a fast troop transport and was sunk by a United States Navy submarine in 1944.
The flag of Vietnam, or c  sao vàng also c t quc, was designed in 1940 and used during an uprising against French rule in southern Vietnam that year. Red symbolizes the bloodshed, revolution and struggle. The star represents the five main classes in Vietnamese society — workers, peasants, soldiers, intellectuals, and businessmen.
Mutlucan Zavotçu is a Turkish football manager and former footballer. Currently, he coaches Beikta J.K. in the Women's First League.
Knoxville is a city in, and the county seat of Knox County in the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of July 1, 2019, Knoxville's population was 187,603, making it the largest city in the East Tennessee Grand Division, and the state’s overall third largest city after Nashville and Memphis. Knoxville is the principal city of the Knoxville Metropolitan Statistical Area, which had an estimated population of 869,046 in 2019.
"Jene Newsome was a United States Air Force sergeant who was honorably discharged after 9 years of service under the ""Don't ask, don't tell"" policy. She was outed by the Rapid City Police Department on November 24, 2009 after they saw an Iowa marriage license on her kitchen table. This raised questions about third party outings under the military's ""Don't Ask, Don't Tell"" policy."
Blauwkapel is a hamlet in the Dutch province of Utrecht. It is about 1 km north-east of the city of Utrecht.
Lingshui railway station is a railway station of Hainan East Ring Intercity Rail located in the town of Lingshui, Lingshui Li Autonomous County, Hainan, China.
Cervantes is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 181 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Cervantes is named for the Spanish writer Miguel de Cervantes, who lived from 1547 to 1616.
The Appalachian dulcimer is a fretted string instrument of the zither family, typically with three or four strings, originally played in the Appalachian region of the United States. The body extends the length of the fingerboard, and its fretting is generally diatonic.
"The Cathedral of The Most Holy Trinity, popularly known as ""Templo Inglés"", is an Anglican church in Montevideo, Uruguay."
Xinghan Chen, known professionally as Jenova Chen, is a Chinese video game designer. He is the designer of the award-winning games Cloud, Flow, Flower, and Journey, and is co-founder of Thatgamecompany.
Francis Asbury Tarkenton is a former American football quarterback who played in the National Football League for 18 seasons, primarily with the Minnesota Vikings. He played college football for the University of Georgia, where he was recognized as a two-time first-team All-SEC, and was selected by the Vikings in the third round of the 1961 NFL Draft. After retiring from football, he became a television personality and computer software executive.
Saint Medardus or St Medard was the Bishop of Vermandois who moved the siege of the diocese to Noyon in northern France. Medardus was one of the most honored bishops of his time, often depicted laughing, with his mouth wide open, and therefore he was invoked against toothache.
The Hautes Plaines, also known as Hauts Plateaux, is a steppe-like natural region located in the Atlas Mountains in northern Algeria. It stretches more than 600 km in an east northeast – west southwest direction from northeastern Morocco to the Aures. It is a high plateau area consisting of undulating, steppe-like alluvial plains lying between the Tell and Saharan Atlas ranges.
Cédric O is a French politician of La République En Marche! who has been serving as Secretary of State for the Digital Economy in the government of Prime Minister Édouard Philippe since 2019.
IÉSEG School of Management is a post-baccalaureate and graduate business school in France, established in 1964 in Lille.
Joseph T. Williams was a Democratic assemblyman and state senator. He was a supporter of the Jacksonian democracy.
Bandar Lampung is the capital and largest city of the Indonesian province of Lampung. Located on the southern tip of Sumatra, Bandar Lampung was originally called Tanjungkarang–Telukbetung, since it was a unification of two major settlements in Lampung, before being renamed in 1983.
Paul and Virginia is a 1910 American silent short drama produced by the Thanhouser Company. The film was adapted from Jacques-Henri Bernardin de Saint-Pierre' novel Paul et Virginie and features Frank H. Crane and Violet Heming as the title characters. The film follows two young lovers who grew up living on an island in the Indies. When Virginia is 16, her wealthy aunt in Paris offers to make Virginia her heir and educate her. With her mother's pleading, Virginia accepts and goes to France. Her aunt insists that she marry a rich nobleman, but Virginia refuses, is disowned and sent back home. The ship returns home in a hurricane and she drowns, with Paul nearly dying in a vain attempt to save her. Released on November 15, 1910, the film received mixed reviews in trade publications. The film was advertised with Pierre Auguste Cot's The Storm painting, said to have been inspired by the original novel. The title characters' costumes also appear to be based on Cot's painting. The film is presumed lost.
Adolphe Grisel was a French athlete and gymnast. He competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens.
Ja'far Pasha al-Askari served twice as prime minister of Iraq: from November 22, 1923, to August 3, 1924; and from November 21, 1926, to December 31, 1927.
Vitigudino is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located 67 kilometers from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 2.700 people. The municipality is made up of two entities: Majuges at 3 km and Vitigudino, which is the head. In addition, the region has 56 municipalities.
"Fort Erie Race Track is a horse racing facility in Fort Erie, Ontario, Canada, that opened on June 16, 1897. The racetrack is often referred to as ""the border oval"" because of the track's proximity to the U.S. border. Its most important race is the Prince of Wales Stakes, the second leg of the Canadian Triple Crown."
Emília Rotter was a Hungarian pair skater.
Lesley-Ann Jones is an English author who spent more than 20 years as a
Dave Becky is an American comedy talent manager and producer. He works with 3 Arts Entertainment and has more than 100 production credits. He has received nine Emmy nominations for his work as an executive producer on the Netflix series Master of None and various productions with comedian Louis C.K. He has shared in two Peabody Awards for his work as an executive producer on two FX series, Louie and Better Things.
Mamadi Diakite is a Guinean basketball player. He played college basketball for the Virginia Cavaliers.
Dradenau was a branch of the river Elbe near Hamburg, Germany. The name was also used for two islands created by the channel, Gros Dradenau and Klein Dradenau.
Saint-Loup-Hors is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.
Beeb Birtles is a Dutch Australian musician, singer, songwriter and guitarist. He has been a member of various Australian groups including Zoot, Mississippi, Little River Band, and Birtles Shorrock Goble. He has also worked as a solo artist, including releasing an album, Driven by Dreams. In 2004 Birtles and other members of the classic line-up of Little River Band were inducted into the ARIA Hall of Fame.
The Hassan II Dam, also known as the Sidi Said Dam, is a gravity dam on the Moulouya River about 13 km north of Midelt in Midelt Province, Morocco. It has a maximum storage capacity of 400 million cubic meters. The dam is used for potable water, irrigation and the protection of downstream areas and dams against floods and siltation. Construction of the dam began in February 2001 and it was completed in March 2005.
Swartklip is a town in Waterberg District Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa.
Ossimo is a town and comune in the province of Brescia, Lombardy, northern Italy. It is part of Val Camonica, and is divided into two centers: Ossimo Superiore and Ossimo Inferiore.
West St. Mary's Manor is a historic house on West St. Mary's Manor Road in rural St. Mary's County, Maryland. It is a rare early Colonial-era house built between 1700 and 1730, and is located on the first recorded English land grant in what is now Maryland. It is an example of a William and Mary-era country house, representing a transition from early one and two-room plans to a more elaborate four-room center-hall plan. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1970.
The ZX Spectrum Vega+ is a handheld game console based on the ZX Spectrum and designed by Rick Dickinson as a follow-up to the ZX Spectrum Vega handheld TV game which was released in 2015. Only a small number of Vega Plus machines were released, before Retro Computers was wound up.
Cheakamus was a steamship built in 1913 in North Vancouver, British Columbia. This ship was originally built as the Cheslakee in Scotland. After Cheslakee capsized in 1913, the hulk was raised, lengthened, and placed back into service as Cheakamus.
Janusz Gol is a Polish footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Liga I side Dinamo Bucureti.
Salsette Island is an island in the state of Maharashtra on India's west coast. The metropolis of Mumbai and the cities of Thane and Mira-Bhayander lie on it, making it very populous and one of the most densely populated islands in the world. It has a population approaching 20 million inhabitants living on an area of about 619 square kilometres.
Evangelismos is a small neighborhood of Athens, Greece, named after Evangelismos Hospital. It is located within Kolonaki.
The 146th Air Refueling Squadron is a unit of the Pennsylvania Air National Guard 's 171st Air Refueling Wing located at Pittsburgh IAP Air Reserve Station, Pennsylvania. The 146th is equipped with the KC-135T Stratotanker.
Mount John Laurie is a mountain in the Canadian Rockies, located in the province of Alberta.
Stanislas-Arthur-Xavier Touchet was a French prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of Orléans from 1894 until his death, and became a cardinal in 1922.
Arthur Freiherr Giesl von Gieslingen was an Austrian general officer during the First World War.
"Juliana Pasha is an Albanian singer. In 2010 she won Honorary Citizen Award of Burrel from the mayor of the city. After she went into Eurovision in 2010 she won the first prize in the festival ""Kenga Magjike"" with the song called ""Sa e shite zemren"". She was a mentor and judge on the first series of Albania and Kosovo's version of The X Factor."

Set of jewelry, also known as the Vulci group is a set of 5th century BCE Etruscan metalwork collection by an unknown jeweler. It is in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Alfred T. Palmer was a photographer who is best known for his photographs depicting Americana during World War II, as he became an Office of War Information photographer from 1942 until 1943.
The Mitsubishi Mirage is a range of cars produced by the Japanese manufacturer Mitsubishi from 1978 to 2003 and again since 2012. The hatchback models produced between 1978 and 2003 were classified as subcompact cars, while the sedan and station wagon models, marketed prominently as the Mitsubishi Lancer, were the compact offerings. The liftback introduced in 1988 complemented the sedan as an additional compact offering, and the coupé of 1991 fitted in with the subcompact range. The current Mirage model is a subcompact hatchback and sedan and it replaces the Mitsubishi Colt sold between 2002 and 2012.
Graphoceratidae is an extinct family of ammonites in the order Ammonitida, which lived during the Jurassic.
Bay View Hospital was a hospital located on 23200 Lake Rd in Bay Village, Ohio. The site was originally home to the Washington Lawrence mansion in the late 1800s until 1948 when it was sold to Dr. Richard Sheppard. It served as an osteopathic medical center from 1948 until it closed its doors on March 1, 1981. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 27, 1974.
"DART Light Rail, the Dallas Area Rapid Transit Light Rail, is a light rail system in Dallas, Texas, and its suburbs owned and operated by Dallas Area Rapid Transit. The system comprises 93 miles among its four lines—the Red Line, the Blue Line, the Green Line, and the Orange Line. It is the longest light rail system in the United States. As of the fourth quarter of 2017, the system has an average weekday ridership of 98,700, making it the largest light rail system in the Southern United States by ridership, and the sixth largest in the United States by ridership. The system uses 163 light rail trains manufactured by Kinki Sharyo, with all trains being converted to ""Super"" LRVs which feature level boarding and higher passenger capacity.
Ötisheim, known in local dialect as Aize, is a municipality in the Enz district of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
The Lleida–La Pobla Line is a 89.4-kilometre-long railway line linking Lleida and La Pobla de Segur, in Catalonia, Spain. Most of its users concentrate between Lleida and Balaguer, where a frequent service is offered, with few trains continuing to La Pobla de Segur. Since 2009, a heritage railway service branded Tren dels Llacs, in reference to the number of reservoirs skirted by the line north of Balaguer, has been running on the railway. The line is part of the ATM Àrea de Lleida fare-integrated public transport system between Lleida and Àger.
Sparta Township is one of thirty townships in Knox County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 98 at the 2000 census. A 2006 estimate placed the township's population at 95.
Linus Karl Heimer Omark is a Swedish professional ice hockey left winger currently with Genève-Servette HC of the National League. Omark has previously played in the National Hockey League for the Buffalo Sabres and Edmonton Oilers. He was drafted into the NHL by the Edmonton Oilers in the fourth round, 97th overall, of the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
"Civic is the city centre or central business district of Canberra. ""Civic"" is a common name for the district, but it is also called Civic Centre, City Centre, Canberra City and Canberra, and its official division name is City.
State Route 512 is a suburban state-maintained freeway in Pierce County, Washington, United States. It travels 12 miles from west to east, connecting Interstate 5 in Lakewood to SR 7 in Parkland and SR 167 in Puyallup.
Izsák is a town in Bács-Kiskun county, Hungary.
Cendrine Browne is a Canadian cross-country skier who competes internationally.
Volker Tönsfeldt is a former German footballer.
Jubilee Hotel is a heritage-listed hotel at 464-468 St Pauls Terrace, Fortitude Valley, City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It was designed by Richard Gailey and built from 1887 to 1888. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
Gröbenzell is a municipality near Munich in the district Fürstenfeldbruck, in Bavaria, Germany. It was founded in 1952, and has a population of 19,202. Gröbenzell is often called a garden city, which is also illustrated by the two flowers in the coat of arms.
Vaucluse is an eastern suburb of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. It is located 8 kilometres north-east of the Sydney central business district, in the local government areas of Waverley Council and the Municipality of Woollahra.
"The Mojo Men was an American rock band based in San Francisco. Formed in 1965, the group underwent several name and personnel changes until their 1969 breakup. Their highest-charting Billboard Hot 100 single was a cover of Buffalo Springfield's ""Sit Down, I Think I Love You"", which peaked at number 36 in 1967."
"Saint Æbbe of Coldingham [also Ebbe, Aebbe, Abb], also known as ""Æbbe the Younger"", was an Abbess of Coldingham Priory in south-east Scotland.
"Tokaj wine region or Tokaj-Hegyalja wine region is a historical wine region located in northeastern Hungary and southeastern Slovakia. It is also one of the seven larger wine regions of Hungary. Hegyalja means ""foothills"" in Hungarian, and this was the original name of the region.
Aibes is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Etosha Commando was a light infantry regiment of the South West Africa Territorial Force. It formed part of the Area Force Units as well as the Territorial Reserve.
Târgu Trotu is a commune in Bacu County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Târgu Trotu, Tuta and Viioara.
Thomas Jan Benjamin Puskailer known as Thomas Puskailer is a Dutch-born Slovak singer, songwriter and stage actor. He grew up in the Netherlands and performed across Europe and abroad in musicals, concerts, television shows and series.
Earle Hodgins was an American actor.
The Tall Zira'a is an archaeological tell in Jordan. Surveys and geophysical investigations showed the site's great potential for excavations.
Calathea makoyana, also known as peacock plant or cathedral windows, is a species of plant belonging to the genus Calathea in the family Marantaceae, native to eastern Brazil. Under the synonym Goeppertia makoyana, it has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Okutama is a town in Greater Metropolitan Tokyo, Japan.
John Hardress Wilfred Lloyd CBE is an English television and radio comedy producer and writer. His television work includes Not the Nine O'Clock News, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Spitting Image, Blackadder and QI. He is currently the presenter of BBC Radio 4's The Museum of Curiosity.
Biperiden, sold under the brand name Akineton among others, is a medication used to treat Parkinson disease and certain drug-induced movement disorders. It is not recommended for tardive dyskinesias. It is taken by mouth, injection into a vein, or muscle.
The Automobile Thieves is an American crime-drama silent film directed by J. Stuart Blackton. The picture stars Blackton and Florence Lawrence. It was released on November 10, 1906 by The American Vitagraph Company; a print of the feature is preserved in the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
The 150th Air Refueling Squadron was a unit of the New Jersey Air National Guard 108th Air Refueling Wing. It was assigned to McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey and was equipped with the KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft. The squadron was inactivated in 2008 following the retirement of the wing's KC-135E aircraft.
The Norfolk Spaniel or Shropshire Spaniel is an extinct breed of dog since the early 20th century. It was originally thought to have originated from the work of one of the Dukes of Norfolk, but this theory was disproven after being in doubt during the later part of the 19th century. The term was used to designate springer type spaniels that were neither Sussex nor Clumber Spaniels, and attempts were made to use it to specify a breed that would later become known as the English Springer Spaniel.
Iwahara Station is a railway station on the Izuhakone Railway Daiyzan Line located in the city of Minamiashigara, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan. The station is 6.0 kilometers from the line’s terminus at Odawara Station.
Marietta Township is one of twenty-four townships in Saunders County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 886 at the 2000 census. A 2006 estimate placed the township's population at 942.
James Vivian Alfred Doyle was an Australian musician, radio presenter and songwriter. He was the founding mainstay guitarist in Ayers Rock, a jazz fusion, progressive rock band. As a member of Ayers Rock, Doyle appeared on all three of their studio albums, Big Red Rock, Beyond and Hotspell. They toured both nationally and internationally including through the United States, where they supported Bachman–Turner Overdrive at a stadium concert with an audience of 35,000 people in Seattle. For the group's third album, Hotspell, Doyle wrote or co-wrote four tracks.
eica Mare is a commune located in Sibiu County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Boarta, Buia, Mighindoala, Peti, eica Mare and tenea. Calvaser was also a village until the late 20th century, when it was absorbed by eica Mare village.
Freiherr Johann Anton Saurma von der Jeltsch was a German aristocrat and diplomat.
William Herbert Shipman was a wealthy businessman on the island of Hawaii. One estate of his family was used to preserve an endangered species of Hawaiian goose. A historic house associated with his family for over a hundred years is called the W. H. Shipman House in Hilo, Hawaii. Another of his historic estates called the Ainahou Ranch, built in 1941 as a refuge from World War II, is preserved within Hawaii Volcanoes National Park.
Salem Township is a township in Mercer County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 754 at the 2010 census.
Lottstetten is a municipality of the district of Waldshut in the state of Baden-Württemberg in Germany. It is on the border with the Swiss cantons of Schaffhausen and Zurich.
The Sociéte Nigerienne de Transports de Voyageurs or SNTV is the Nigerien government owned bus and public transport company.
John Symon Asher Bruce was a Scottish singer-songwriter, musician and composer. He gained popularity as the co-lead vocalist, and bass guitarist of British rock band Cream. After the group disbanded in 1968, he pursued a solo career and also played with several bands.
Georges Jules Victor Clairin was a French Orientalist painter and illustrator. He was influenced by Eastern imagery Moorish architecture, and visited North Africa many times, in particular Algeria, Morocco and Egypt. In Paris he led the life of a socialite, and befriended the glamorous actress Sarah Bernhardt, his friend for 50 years, and is today best known for his 'in costume' and informal intimate portraits of her.
SS Republic was an ocean liner built in 1871 by Harland and Wolff for White Star Line. It was intended to be the last of four vessels forming the Oceanic class, before two new ships were commissioned. After a rough maiden voyage from Liverpool to New York City on 1 February 1872, the ship was chosen to be on White Star Line's first voyage on the South Atlantic and Pacific line with four other ships, destined for Chile. In 1874, the construction of modern ships SS Germanic and SS Britannic led to SS Republic's becoming the standby vessel of White Star Line. It occupied this position for 15 years, and attempts were made to modernise it in 1888. When SS Teutonic and SS Majestic entered service in the following year, the Republic became surplus to White Star's needs.
The Coronado National Forest is a United States National Forest that includes an area of about 1.78 million acres spread throughout mountain ranges in southeastern Arizona and southwestern New Mexico.
Nisha Desai Biswal is an American businesswoman and former official in the United States Department of State. Biswal is the president of the U.S.-India Business Council at the United States Chamber of Commerce, and served as Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs in the United States Department of State.
"Langano oromo:langaanoo is a lake in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia, exactly 200 kilometers by road south of the capital, Addis Ababa, on the border between the Misraq Shewa and Arsi Zones. The first European to record its existence, Oscar Neumann, records that it was also known as ""Lake Kore"". It is located to the east of Lake Abijatta in the Main Ethiopian Rift at an elevation of 1,585 meters."
Saint-Paul-aux-Bois is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Franz Jung was a writer, economist and political activist in Germany. He also wrote under the names Franz Larsz and Frank Ryberg.
Louis Albert Grodet was a French civil servant, colonial administrator and politician. He trained as a lawyer, then worked his way up the ranks in the Ministry of Commerce and then the Colonial Ministry. He was governor in turn of Martinique, French Guiana, French Sudan, French Congo and French Guiana for a second term. Although forceful, he lacked leadership skills and had poor judgement. In the French Sudan he was unable to stop the army from ignoring government instructions and pursuing a costly expansionist policy. He tried but failed to suppress slavery, at a time when the local troops often expected a share of booty in the form of slaves. After retiring he was Deputy of French Guiana from 1910 to 1919.
Memorial Plaza, established in 1932, is in the Downtown West neighborhood of St. Louis. The park contains memorials honoring St. Louis veterans of World War I, World War II, Korea and Vietnam. On the eastern edge of the park is the Court of Honor containing monuments listing St. Louisans who lost their lives in World War II, Korea and Vietnam. It extends from 13th to 18th Street between Market and Chestnut and is surrounded by Union Station, Peabody Opera House, and the Soldier's Memorial Military Museum.
West Green is a station on the Green Line of the RTA Rapid Transit in Shaker Heights, Ohio. It is located at the western end of the parking lot of Green Road station, only 150 yards west of Green Road platforms.
The HSC Virgen de Coromoto is an 86 m fast catamaran ferry operated by Consolidada de Ferrys C.A. in Venezuela. It was built in Australia for a fast ferry service on Lake Ontario between Toronto, Ontario, Canada and Rochester, New York, United States. After the ferry service failed, the boat was sold in 2007 and operated in the Strait of Gibraltar. From 2007–2012, the boat operated in Morocco on a Spain–Morocco service. In 2012–13, the ship operated on Kattegatruten's Aarhus–Kalundborg route in Denmark until October 2013 when the route was cancelled.
Montana City is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Jefferson County, Montana, United States. The population was 2715 at the 2010 census, up from 2,094 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Helena Micropolitan Statistical Area.
"Teotepeque is a municipality in the La Libertad department of El Salvador. Its geographical coordinates are 13° 35' 7"" North, 89° 31' 6"" West. The name Teotepeque comes from the Nahuat word for ""Mountain of God."" Agustín Farabundo Martí Rodríguez, for whom the FMLN or Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front was named, was born in Teotepeque on May 5, 1893."
Étrappe is a commune in the Doubs département in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Ravinia is a town in Charles Mix County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 61 at the 2010 census.
USS Cogswell (DD-651) was a Fletcher-class destroyer in the United States Navy, serving in World War II, Korean War, and Vietnam War. The ship is named in honor of Rear Admiral James Kelsey Cogswell, who served during the Spanish–American War, and Captain Francis Cogswell, who served during World War I.
Perigonia is a genus of moths in the family Sphingidae.
Ohaba Lung is a commune in Timi County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Dubeti, Iernic, Ohaba Lung and Ohaba Român.
The 1989 Pacific typhoon season was a highly above-average season. It has no official bounds; it ran year-round in 1989, but most tropical cyclones tend to form in the northwestern Pacific Ocean between May and November. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. Tropical Storms forming in the Western Pacific basin were assigned a name by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center. Tropical depressions that enter or form in the Philippine area of responsibility are assigned a name by the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration or PAGASA. This can often result in the same storm having two names.
Patillas is a municipality of Puerto Rico located in the southeastern coast, south of San Lorenzo; west of Yabucoa and Maunabo; and east of Guayama and Arroyo. It is spread over 15 wards and Patillas Pueblo. It is part of the Guayama Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The Thai Raksa Chart Party, officially known in English as the Thai Save the Nation Party, was a Thai political party established in 2009 as minor party under the name Rath Thai Party.
The 415th Special Operations Squadron is a United States Air Force unit. It is assigned to the 58th Operations Group at Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico.
Alicia is a town in Lawrence County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 124 at the 2010 census.
The North White Plains station is a commuter rail stop on the Metro-North Railroad's Harlem Line, located in the North White Plains neighborhood of White Plains, New York. It is the north terminal for most trains that run local to the south and, until 1984, was the northern limit of electrification. Adjacent to the station is a yard/support facility for trains, one of two on the line. It is 23.8 miles from Grand Central Terminal. Travel time varies from 37 minutes to one hour depending on if the train is express or local. The station is in the city of White Plains, and lies close to the hamlet of North White Plains in North Castle.
York Pullman is a bus operating company based in Rufforth, England. The first company to use the Pullman name was founded in 1926 by Norman Pearce and Hartas Foxton. The Yorkshire Pullman remained in use until the company was deregistered in 2000.
Sunday Adelaja is the founder and senior pastor of the Embassy of the Blessed Kingdom of God for All Nations, an evangelical-charismatic megachurch and a Christian denomination in Kiev, Ukraine.
Suzanne Winters is a former Scottish footballer, who played as striker. She made 104 appearances for the Scotland national team between 2000 and 2013, making her international debut aged 16 despite not playing for a senior women's team. Her twin sister, Shelley Grant, has also played for Scotland.
Rudolf Hrušínský was a Czech actor.
Chloride is a onetime silver mining camp in Mohave County, Arizona, United States, and is considered the oldest continuously inhabited mining town in the state. Chloride has a ZIP Code of 86431; in 2000, the population of the 86431 ZCTA was 352.
Acanthopinae is one of the three subfamilies of the family Acanthopidae. In the subfamily Acanthopinae there is one tribe, Acanthopini, which contains 7 genera and 37 species.
The Sun in the Sands is a public house between Blackheath and Shooter's Hill in London. The pub gives its name to the adjacent road junction, where the A2 between central London and Kent meets the A102, which provides access to the Blackwall Tunnel. Several Transport for London bus routes pass close to the junction.
Michelangelo Rampulla is an Italian football manager and former goalkeeper. He is currently the goalkeeping coach of the Chinese national football team.
Presidential elections were held in Ukraine on 31 October 1999, with a second round on 14 November. The result was a victory for Leonid Kuchma, who defeated Petro Symonenko in the run-off.
Dragoman Municipality is a municipality in Sofia Province, Bulgaria.
Schloss Rosegg is a castle in Rosegg, Carinthia, Austria. Schloss Rosegg is 478 metres above sea level.
René Rivera is a Puerto Rican professional baseball catcher for the New York Mets of Major League Baseball. He previously played for the Seattle Mariners, Minnesota Twins, San Diego Padres, Tampa Bay Rays, Chicago Cubs, Los Angeles Angels, Atlanta Braves and Mets.
"Woodbranch Village, also known simply as ""Woodbranch,"" is a city in Montgomery County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,282 at the 2010 census."
Trotina is a village in the Trutnov District, Czech Republic.
The Blackburn Bluebird IV was a single-engine biplane light trainer/tourer biplane with side-by-side seating designed by Blackburn Aircraft. It was an all-metal development of the wooden Blackburn Bluebird I, II and III aircraft.
Alex Jacobowitz is a classically trained concert artist and street performer who plays the marimba and xylophone.
Luis Arrieta, is a Mexican film actor, television actor producer, director and writer.
La Tosca is a lost 1918 American drama silent film directed by Edward José and written by Charles E. Whittaker after the play La Tosca by Victorien Sardou. The film stars Pauline Frederick, Frank Losee, Jules Raucourt, Henry Hebert and W.H. Forestelle. The film was released on March 25, 1918, by Paramount Pictures.
Cape Horn is a 7,316-foot mountain summit located in Chelan County of Washington state. Cape Horn is situated 12 mi west-northwest of Leavenworth, within the Alpine Lakes Wilderness, on land managed by Okanogan-Wenatchee National Forest. Cape Horn is part of the Chiwaukum Mountains, a subset of the Cascade Range. Its nearest higher neighbor is Ladies Peak, 0.9 mi to the northwest, and Grindstone Mountain is set 1.4 mi to the south. Precipitation runoff from Cape Horn drains west to Icicle Creek, whereas the east slopes drain into Chiwaukum Creek, and both are tributaries of the Wenatchee River. Although modest in elevation, relief is significant since this peak rises over 4,300 feet above Icicle Creek Valley in approximately two miles. This mountain was named by Albert Hale Sylvester in 1909 for its sharp profile.
The Cowra Shire is a local government area in the Central West region of New South Wales, Australia. The Shire is located adjacent to the Lachlan River, the Mid-Western Highway and the Lachlan Way.
"Major General Francis Hedley Roberton ""Buster"" Howes, CB, OBE is a Royal Marines officer who was Commandant General Royal Marines from February 2010 to December 2011."
"Violette Morris was an outstanding and versatile French athlete who won two gold and one silver medal at the Women's World Games in 1921–1922. She was later banned from competing for violating ""moral standards"". During World War II, she was accused of collaboration with Nazis and the Vichy France regime. She was killed in 1944 in a Resistance-led ambush."
Plesder is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Horia is a commune in Constana County, Northern Dobruja, Romania.
Mount Kaweah is a mountain in California's Sequoia National Park and forms part of the Kaweah Peaks Ridge, a spur of the Great Western Divide which extends south from Triple Divide Peak. It has a summit elevation of 13,807 feet, the highest along the Kaweah ridge.
The Medal of Valor is the highest Israeli military decoration.
Wittmoldt is a municipality in the district of Plön, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
"John Livingston ""Honus"" Craig was an American college football player and coach."
Rossmoor is a planned census-designated place located in Orange County, California. As of the 2010 census, the CDP had a total population of 10,244, down from 10,298 at the 2000 census. In 2018, the US Census estimated the population to be 11,160. The gated Leisure World retirement community in the city of Seal Beach is to the south of Rossmoor, Los Alamitos is to the east and north, and Long Beach is to the west. The community of Rossmoor has two shopping centers within its boundaries, but only one—the Rossmoor Village Square, is now within the political boundaries of the Rossmoor Community Services District. A larger shopping center, the Rossmoor Business Center, has been remodeled and renamed the Shops at Rossmoor; it was annexed, despite many protests, by the City of Seal Beach in 1967.
Francis Julius LeMoyne was a 19th-century American medical doctor and philanthropist from Washington, Pennsylvania. Responsible for creating the first crematory in the United States, he was also an abolitionist, founder of Washington's first public library, co-founder of the Washington Female Seminary, and an instrumental benefactor to the LeMoyne Normal and Commercial School, to which he made a $20,000 donation in 1870.
Young Men's Christian Association is an organization headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland. It was originally meant to put Christian principles into practice. It was founded in 1844 in London, England, United Kingdom. At first, the organization provided beds and shelter to young men leaving the countryside for work in the cities. It promotes Muscular Christianity.
"The Hida-class patrol vessel are a class of patrol vessel within the PL series of the Japan Coast Guard. The class name ""Hida"" is named after Hida Mountains, the northernmost mountain range of the Japanese Alps, a famous mountain range in Japan.
Vance G. Martin is an expert in international nature conservation and wilderness protection, and a writer. Martin specializes in bridging the interests of people and nature through culture, communications, science, and policy. He has worked in more than 65 nations, lived in many countries, and served on the boards of numerous conservation and business organizations. Since 1983, he has served as President of The WILD Foundation, an international conservation organization explicitly dedicated to protecting wilderness, connecting wild nature to people, and to communicating the values of wilderness and its benefits for human communities.
"Gathland State Park is a public recreation area and historic preserve located on South Mountain near Burkittsville, Maryland, in the United States. The state park occupies the former estate of war correspondent George Alfred Townsend, who wrote under the pen name ""Gath"" during the American Civil War. The estate's few remaining original structures include the War Correspondents Memorial Arch, which sits alongside the Appalachian Trail. The park is operated by the Maryland Department of Natural Resources. The arch is a National Historic Monument maintained by the National Park Service."
"St Magnus the Martyr, London Bridge is a Church of England church and parish within the City of London. The church, which is located in Lower Thames Street near The Monument to the Great Fire of London, is part of the Diocese of London and under the pastoral care of the Bishop of Fulham. It is a Grade I listed building. The rector uses the title ""Cardinal Rector"", being the last remaining cleric in the Church of England to use the title Cardinal.
"The Letov Š-32 was an airliner produced in small numbers in Czechoslovakia during the 1930s. It was a trimotor monoplane with a high, cantilever wing, and was designed to meet a requirement by SA for a machine to service a night route between Prague, Bratislava, Uzhorod, and Bucharest. It could carry up to six passengers in a fully enclosed cabin which was praised at the time as being ""particularly roomy and lofty"". The wings were of all-metal construction, and the fuselage was built up from steel tube and was mostly skinned in metal, other than its very rear part, which, like the empennage, was fabric-covered.
HMS Wren (U28) was a Black Swan-class sloop of the Royal Navy. She was active during the Second World War and was a successful anti-submarine warfare vessel, being credited with the destruction of five U-boats.
Thaas is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
The Cornell Botanic Gardens, formerly known as the Cornell Plantations, is a botanical garden located adjacent to the Cornell University campus in Ithaca, New York. The Botanic Gardens proper consist of 25 acres of botanical gardens and 150 acres of the F.R. Newman Arboretum. The greater Botanic Gardens includes 40 different nature areas around Cornell and Ithaca, covering 4,300 acres.
Douglas County is a county in the U.S. state of Nebraska. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 517,110. It is the state's most populous county, home to over one-fourth of Nebraska's residents. Its county seat is Omaha, the state's largest city. The county was established in 1854 and named after Stephen A. Douglas, Senator from Illinois.
The Falcon Heavy is a partially reusable heavy-lift launch vehicle designed and manufactured by SpaceX. It is derived from the Falcon 9 vehicle and consists of a strengthened Falcon 9 first stage as the center core with two additional Falcon 9-like first stages as strap-on boosters. The Falcon Heavy has the highest payload capacity of any currently operational launch vehicle, the third-highest capacity of any rocket ever to reach orbit, trailing the Saturn V and Energia, and the third-highest capacity of any orbital-class rocket ever launched successfully.
The 4th constituency of the Haut-Rhin is a French legislative constituency in the Haut-Rhin département.
Aglona Municipality is a municipality in Latgale, Latvia. The municipality was formed in 2009 by merging Aglona parish, Grveri parish, Kastuina parish and Šeltova parish the administrative centre being Aglona.
Široký Dl is a village and municipality in Svitavy District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.
USS LST-353 was an LST-1-class tank landing ship built for the United States Navy during World War II. It was destroyed on 21 May 1944 when an explosion on its deck sparked the West Loch Disaster in Pearl Harbor naval base.
Mirrabooka is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Western Australia.
"In the New Testament, the Massacre of the Innocents is the incident in the nativity narrative of the Gospel of Matthew in which Herod the Great, king of Judea, orders the execution of all male children two years old and under in the vicinity of Bethlehem. A majority of Herod biographers, and ""probably a majority of biblical scholars,"" hold the event to be myth, legend or folklore. The Catholic Church says that the children murdered in Jesus's stead are the first Christian martyrs, and their feast – Holy Innocents Day – is celebrated on 28 December."
Donja Ljubovia is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Ljubovija municipality, in the Mava District of Central Serbia. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 951. There were 143 Romani living in this village in 2002; it is the largest proportion of the minority in the Ljubovija municipality.
Styracocephalus platyrhynchus is an extinct species of tapinocephalian therapsids that lived during the Guadalupian epoch.
The Avro 504 is a British training aircraft. It was used for World War I. It is one of the first British military aircraft. It is a twin-seat and single-engine biplane. Some were used in Belgium, France, Portugal, and USA.
Ouseburn Viaduct carries the East Coast Main Line over the Ouseburn Valley through the East End of Newcastle-upon-Tyne. Designed by architects John and Benjamin Green, it was originally built in the late 1830s for the Newcastle and North Shields Railway. It is a Grade II* listed building.
"Taucher is a German trance DJ. His name means ""Diver"" in German.
Jigme Dorji Wangchuck was the 3rd Druk Gyalpo of Bhutan.
Jeffrey Demarco Teague is an American professional basketball player for the Atlanta Hawks of the National Basketball Association. Teague played college basketball for Wake Forest University before being selected 19th overall in the 2009 NBA draft by the Hawks. He was named an NBA All-Star in 2015 for the first time.
Gulf of Finland Naval Command was a Finnish Navy unit headquartered in Upinniemi, Kirkkonummi.
Ponicice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik, within Racibórz County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres north of Rudnik, 12 km north-west of Racibórz, and 61 km west of the regional capital Katowice.
NGC 5001 is a barred spiral galaxy located in the constellation Ursa major. It is designated as SB in the galaxy morphological classification scheme. It was discovered by John Herschel on 1 May 1831. It is at a distance of 130 million parsecs from the earth.
"Wilfried was an Austrian singer-songwriter and actor. He was born in Bad Goisern am Hallstättersee, Austria. He was best known for representing Austria in the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest with his song ""Lisa Mona Lisa"". He was also an actor with his best known role was in Hilde, das Dienstmädchen. From 1978 to 1979 he was a singer for the Austrian band Erste Allgemeine Verunsicherung."
Lawrence Scarpa is an architect based in Los Angeles, California. He used conventional materials in unexpected ways and is considered a pioneer and leader in the field of sustainable design.
The South Torrington Union Pacific Depot was built in 1926 just to the south of Torrington, Wyoming. It was designed by Gilbert Stanley Underwood in the Mission Revival and Spanish Colonial Revival as a combined passenger and freight depot.
Zygmunt Solorz-ak is a Polish businessman. He is the second richest person in Poland and has repeatedly appeared on Forbes' ranking of the world's billionaires, with an estimated net worth around €5.77 billion. On the Forbes 2016 list of the world's billionaires, he was ranked #688 with a net worth of US$2.5 billion.
Illan Stéphane Meslier is a French professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for English Premier League side Leeds United and the France U21's international side.
Anson Adams Mount IV is an American actor. He is known for his television roles such as Cullen Bohannon in the AMC series Hell on Wheels, Jim Steele in the NBC series Conviction, Marvel superhero Black Bolt in Inhumans and Captain Christopher Pike in Star Trek: Discovery and Star Trek: Short Treks. He also appeared in the movie Tully.
Bedan Karoki Muchiri is a Kenyan long distance runner who competes in track, cross country and road running disciplines. He represented Kenya at the 2012 and 2016 Summer Olympics.
The Rigel II is a cruiseferry owned and operated by Greek shipping company Ventouris Ferries. The vessel sailed overnight between the Polish city of Gdask and Nynäshamn in Sweden. The Rigel II is the first of two sister ships built. The second vessel currently operates for SNAV as the SNAV Toscana.
"Robert Nixon was an American serial killer, born in the small town of Tallulah, Louisiana around 1919, who confessed to five murders and multiple assaults, including the Los Angeles ""brick bat murders"" of 1937. Depicted with racist imagery in the mainstream press after his arrest, he was given the nickname the ""Brick Moron"" as he killed his victims with bricks and was depicted as dimwitted.
Schankweiler is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Pehuajó Partido is a partido in the northeast of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.
Jules Louis Lewal was a French general, who also wrote scripts like Stratégie de combat.
Stephen (I) from the kindred Ákos was an influential baron in the Kingdom of Hungary in the late 13th century and the early 14th century. He was born into an ancient Hungarian clan. He was a staunch supporter of Andrew III of Hungary. He served as Judge royal between 1298 and 1300, and Palatine of Hungary from 1301 to 1307.
The Endlose Treppe is a sculpture made by the Swiss artist Max Bill in 1991 for the philosopher Ernst Bloch. It is made of North American granite.
Traditional boat race or dragon boat race at the 2005 Southeast Asian Games took place at the La Mesa Dam in the Novaliches Reservoir, Quezon City, Metro Manila, Philippines.
Gobstoppers or jawbreakers are a type of hard candy. They are usually round, and usually range from 1 to 3 cm across; though gobstoppers can be up to 8 cm in diameter.
Robert Earl Bennett is an American former competition swimmer, Olympic medalist, and former world record-holder.
"James Eugene ""Jim"" Long was the North Carolina Commissioner of Insurance from 1985 through 2009 retiring as the senior Democratic member of the North Carolina Council of State. He was the third-longest-serving statewide elected official in North Carolina history as of 2009."
On July 23, 1999, an All Nippon Airways Boeing 747-481D with 503 passengers on Flight 61, including 14 children and 14 crew members on board, took off from Tokyo International Airport in Ota, Tokyo, Japan and was en route to New Chitose Airport in Chitose, Japan, near Sapporo when it was hijacked by Yji Nishizawa.
The Amanda Blake Store is a historic building located in Port Republic, New Jersey. It was built in 1884 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 25, 1979.
"Határ út is a station on the M3 line of the Budapest Metro. Near the station, there are several tram and bus terminus, and a shopping centre. Határ út station named after the adjacent street Határ út, which literally means "" Border Street"". Before the formation of Greater Budapest it was the border of Budapest Capital. The station was opened on 20 April 1980 as part of the extension from Nagyvárad tér to Kbánya-Kispest."
The short siege of Worcester was conducted by a Parliamentary army of about 3,000 under the command of Sir William Waller. They failed to capture the city, which was defended by about 1,700 Royalists under the command of Colonel William Sandys the acting governor, and retreated back to the Parliamentary stronghold of Gloucester.
Lake Sacajawea is formed by the Ice Harbor Dam on the Snake River. It stretches from there upstream to the Lower Monumental Dam. It is named for Sacajawea, a Shoshone woman who accompanied Meriwether Lewis and William Clark during their exploration of the American West.
Brock Orville Larson is a retired American professional mixed martial artist who competed in the Welterweight and Middleweight divisions. A professional competitor from 2002 until 2016, Larson has formerly competed for the UFC, the WEC, and ONE FC.
Kiznersky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the twenty-five in the Udmurt Republic, Russia. It is located in the southwest of the republic. The area of the district is 2,131.1 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the rural locality of Kizner. Population: 20,263; 23,502; 25,991. The population of Kizner accounts for 47.1% of the district's total population.
St. Peter's Church was a former Church of Ireland parish church located in Aungier Street in Dublin, Ireland, where the Dublin YMCA building now stands. It was built on land that formerly belonged to the Whitefriars in Dublin. It served the largest Church of Ireland parish in Dublin.
Ganga Dussehra, also known as Gangavataran, is a Hindu festival celebrating the avatarana of the Ganges. It is believed by Hindus that the holy river Ganges descended from heaven to earth on this day. Ganga Dussehra takes place on Dashami of the waxing moon of the Hindu calendar month Jyeshtha. The festival celebration lasts ten days, including the nine days preceding this holy day.
Rosa 'Général Jacqueminot', also called 'General Jack' or 'Jack Rose', is an early Hybrid Perpetual rose cultivar, developed by Roussel, an amateur from Meudon, and introduced by the gardener Rousselet in 1853. The flower was named in honor of Jean-François Jacqueminot, a French general of the Napoleonic Wars. Its parentage is unclear, but 'Gloire des Rosomanes' and 'Géant des Batailles' are considered probable ancestors.
The BMW Z models are a line of roadsters manufactured by German automaker BMW. The Z stands for zukunft, and has been produced in four different series with six generations consisting of roadster, coupé, sports car, and concept variants.
"The Medal for Merit was, during the period it was awarded, the highest civilian decoration of the United States. It was awarded by the President of the United States to civilians who ""distinguished themselves by exceptionally meritorious conduct in the performance of outstanding services"" in the war effort ""since the proclamation of an emergency by the President on September 8, 1939"". Awards to civilians of foreign nations were eligible ""only for the performance of exceptionally meritorious or courageous act or acts in furtherance of the war efforts of the United Nations.""
Carmen Schimanek is an Austrian accountant and politician who has been a Member of the National Council for the Freedom Party of Austria since 2008.
Ibrahim Khan Lodi became the Sultan of Delhi in 1517 after the death of his father Sikandar Lodi. He was the last ruler of the Lodi dynasty, reigning for nine years between 1517 until being defeated and killed at the Battle of Panipat by Babur's invading army in 1526, giving way to the emergence of the Mughal Empire in India.
Mazaricos is a municipality of northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña, in the autonomous community of Galicia. It belongs to the comarca of Xallas. Its capital is in A Picota.
The 1846 Havana hurricane was the most intense tropical cyclone in recorded history for 78 years and the first known Category 5-strength hurricane to strike Cuba. The first indications of the formation of a disturbance were first noted on 5 October in the Caribbean Sea, but little else was known until the storm approached Cuba on 10 October. There, it brought extreme winds and the lowest known atmospheric pressure of the time – 938 mbar – a record which remained unbroken until the development of a later cyclone in 1924. It soon curved toward Florida, where it maintained its intensity, continuing to rapidly hasten northward along the East Coast of the United States to New England. It entered an extratropical transition while situated over New York on 13 October, producing intense Category 2-force winds and unusually little precipitation. Eventually, the gale dissipated over the Canadian Maritimes the following day as a markedly weaker storm.
The 1953 Atlantic hurricane season was the first time an organized list of female names was used to name Atlantic storms. It officially began on June 15, and lasted until November 15, although activity occurred both before and after the season's limits. The season was active with fourteen total storms, six of which developed into hurricanes; four of the hurricanes attained major hurricane status, or a Category 3 or greater on the Saffir-Simpson scale.
Alachua County, Florida is home to six state parks. Two of them are also National Natural Landmarks, one is a historic district, one is a National Historic Landmark, and one is a rail trail. Unless otherwise noted, all of the parks adhere to the Florida State Parks schedule; Florida state parks are open between 8 a.m. and sundown every day of the year.
Porterdale is a town in Newton County, Georgia, the United States. The population was 1,429 at the 2010 census.
Lakshya Sen is an Indian badminton player. Sen, born in Almora, belongs to a badminton family. His father, D. K. Sen, is a coach in India and his brother, Chirag Sen, is also an international badminton player. Trained at the Prakash Padukone Badminton Academy, Sen has shown his talent as a badminton player at a young age, and has had a brilliant year in the junior badminton circuit in 2016. He became the number one junior singles player in BWF World Junior ranking in February, 2017. Sen also competed in the senior international level and won the men's singles title at the 2016 India International Series tournament. He emerged as the champion at the 2018 Asian Junior Championships defeating the top seeded World No. 1 Kunlavut Vitidsarn in the final.
"The gelada, sometimes called the bleeding-heart monkey or the gelada ""baboon"", is a species of Old World monkey found only in the Ethiopian Highlands, with large populations in the Semien Mountains. Geladas are actually not baboons but the only living members of the genus Theropithecus. Theropithecus is derived from the Greek root words for ""beast-ape"". Like its close relatives the baboons, it is largely terrestrial, spending much of its time foraging in grasslands."
Dör is a village in Gyr-Moson-Sopron county, Hungary.
Jeanne Mas is a French pop singer and actress.
Lawson Aschenbach is an American professional racing driver. He is a four-time Pirelli World Challenge champion, and most recently, the 2014 Pirelli World Challenge GTS Champion. He is the 2006 SPEED World Challenge Rookie of the Year and became the first person to win the SPEED GT Championship in his rookie season. He is also the champion of the 2010 Grand-Am Continental Tire Sports Car Challenge ST Championship and 2014 Lamborghini Super Trofeo ProAM World Champion.
The Swiss Warmblood, also called the Einsiedler, is a horse breed, founded in the 10th century on the local Schwyer stock. It was first bred at the Benedictine Monastery of Einsiedeln. They are now raised at the Federal Stud at Avenches.
Huilai Monument Archaeology Park is an archaeological site at Xitun District, Taichung, Taiwan.
Radio24syv or just 24syv was a Danish public service radio station sending talk radio. The radio station was financed by public money through mandatory licence fees, but was privately owned by Berlingske Media and PeopleGroup. The public funding was followed by requirements about the types of programs the radio station should broadcast.
The Otis Hotel is a historic five-story building in Spokane, Washington. It was designed by Arthur W. Cowley and Archibald G. Rigg, and built in 1911 for Dr. Joseph E. Gandy. It was first known as the Willard Hotel, and later as the Atlantic Hotel, followed by the Earle Hotel, and finally the Otis Hotel. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since October 2, 1998. Since a $15 million renovation completed to convert the building back into a hotel in early 2020, the building has been reopened as the Hotel Indigo Spokane and is part of the InterContinental Hotels Group.
Gillicus arcuatus was a relatively small, 2-metre long ichthyodectid fish that lived in the Western Interior Seaway, in what is now central North America, during the Late Cretaceous. Like its larger relative, Ichthyodectes ctenodon, G. arcuatus had numerous small teeth lining its jaws, and ate smaller fish by sucking them into its mouth. Gillicus would also filter feed and were also eaten by their own relative, Xiphactinus. In particular, one 13 feet fossil specimen was collected by George F. Sternberg with another, nearly perfectly preserved 6 feet long ichthyodectid Gillicus arcuatus, inside of it. The larger fish apparently died soon after eating its prey, most likely due to the smaller fish prey struggling and rupturing an organ as it was being swallowed. This fossil can be seen at the Sternberg Museum of Natural History in Hays, Kansas.
"Travis Smith is the former drummer in the metal band Trivium, from their formation in 1999 until he officially departed on February 4, 2010. Smith is best known for his very fast footwork, and intricate rhythms on the toms, a skill that has been noted several times by music magazines such as Revolver and Modern Drummer as well as by other media. In Metal Hammer's Golden Gods Awards 2006, Travis received the ""Best Drummer in the Universe"" award."
BK Chicken Fries are a fried chicken product sold by the international fast-food restaurant chain Burger King. At the time of their introduction in 2005, the company had intended Chicken Fries to be one of their larger, adult oriented products made with higher quality ingredients than their standard menu items. Additionally, the product further targeted the snacking and convenience food markets with a specific packaging design that was intended to be easier to handle and fit into automotive cup holders. The product was part of a series of product introductions designed to expand Burger King's menu with both more sophisticated fare and present a larger, meatier product that appealed to 24- to 36-year-old males. Along with this series of larger, more complex group of menu products, the company intended to attract a larger, more affluent adult audience who would be willing to spend more on the better quality products. They were discontinued in the United States in 2012, but continued to be sold in some markets, such as Italy.
The La Blanche Apartments is a historic building in West Philadelphia built in 1910 in the Georgian Revival style. It was part of the second wave of a housing boom in West Philadelphia that started with the completion of the Market Street Elevated line in 1907. The building is also one of the first large apartment buildings built in Philadelphia, and helped give the rising middle class better access to housing. Originally the four story building housed just 26 apartments, but as the neighborhood became less fashionable, the apartments were subdivided into a total of 49 units.
The Battle of Bayonne of 14 April 1814 was a sortie by General Thouvenot's French garrison of Bayonne during the siege of that city conducted by Allied forces under Lieutenant General John Hope. The battle was the last of the Peninsular War and occurred as news of Napoleon's abdication was beginning to reach the opposing forces.
Peter Lamborn Wilson is an American anarchist author and poet, primarily known for his concept of temporary autonomous zones. He is a controversial figure in anarchist circles due to his pedophilia advocacy.
Padmasree Warrior is the Founder, CEO and President of Fable Group Inc., a curated reading platform focused on mental wellness. She also serves on the board of directors of Microsoft and Spotify.
Manhattan House is an apartment building on the Upper East Side in Manhattan, New York City. The building is located at 200 East 66th Street, off Third Avenue.
Helen Kathleen Ramsay Whyte MBE was a Scottish embroiderer and teacher of textile arts.
Kirtland's snake is a threatened or endangered North American species of nonvenomous snake of the subfamily Natricinae, of the family Colubridae. It is the only species in the genus Clonophis.
Raspberry spur blight is caused by the fungus Didymella applanata. This plant pathogen is more problematic on red raspberries than on black or purple raspberries. The fungus infects the leaves first and then spreads to the cane. It causes necrotic spots on the cane near the base of the petiole attachment. Raspberry spur blight can cause a significant reduction in yield, fruit blight, premature leaf drop, and weak bud and cane growth. The magnitude of damage is not clearly understood in the United States, however, studies from Scotland suggest damage to the cane itself is limited. The disease has minor economic impacts by reducing leaves in the summer or killing buds. Major economic damage occurs if the disease manages to kill the entire cane.
Georgia State Route 87 is a 107-mile-long state highway that travels south-to-north through portions of Dodge, Bleckley, Twiggs, Bibb, Monroe, and Butts counties in the historic southern and central parts of the U.S. state of Georgia. The highway connects the Eastman area and the southwestern part of Dodge County with Flovilla, via Cochran and the Macon metropolitan area. The highway is largely, but not entirely, concurrent with U.S. Route 23 and serves local traffic.
The Kei Dbutsuen line is a railway line in Hino, Tokyo, Japan, owned by the Keio Corporation, which connects Takahatafud on the Kei Main Line and Tama-Dbutsuken.
Drangsnes is a small town in the western part of Iceland, at the mouth of Steingrímsfjörður and near Hólmavík.
William Brightie Brown was an American football guard in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the Green Bay Packers. He played college football at the University of Arkansas and was drafted in the nineteenth round of the 1951 NFL Draft.
Irene Frances Adza Mountbatten, Marchioness of Carisbrooke, GBE, DStJ was born in London, England, the daughter of William Francis Henry Denison, 2nd Earl of Londesborough, and Lady Grace Adelaide.
Michael Kale Huff is a former professional baseball player.
Empress Gongsheng, surnamed Yang, was a Chinese Empress consort of the Song dynasty, married to Emperor Ningzong of Song. She served as the co-regent of Emperor Lizong from 1224 until 1233.
The Al Fajer L-10 is a drone built by Star Aviation that can serve several civilian and military uses.
Elgin Falls is a waterfall in Sri Lanka, located in the Elgin tea estate which is 18 km from Nuwara Eliya, Sri Lanka. The waterfall is 25 m in height. Elgin Falls named after Elgin major town of Moray in Scotland. the falls is at about 1,500 m above sea level. There are several ways to access the waterfall. When traveling by railway between Nanu Oya and Ambewela the falls can be seen picturesquely.
Accra Central Station is the main railway station in Accra, the capital of Ghana.
Ali Safa-Sonboli was an Iranian weightlifter. He won silver medals at the 1958 Asian Games and 1957 World Championships, placing third in 1958. At the 1960 Summer Olympics he failed to complete the snatch event. After retiring from competitions he worked as an international weightlifting referee. He died in 2002 and is survived by two sons.
Daniel Christopher DeKeyser is an American professional ice hockey defenseman for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League.
Mathias Township is a civil township of Alger County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 554 at the 2010 census. Average rainfall is 35 inches per year, and average snowfall is 129 inches per year within the township.
Monroe is a city in Benton County, Oregon, United States. The population was 651 at the 2018 census. It is part of the Corvallis, Oregon Metropolitan Statistical Area. Monroe is located midway between Eugene and Corvallis along Highway 99W and the city experiences a strong friendly rivalry between fans of the Oregon Ducks and the Oregon State Beavers.
Gyeongju, historically known as Seorabeol, is a coastal city in the far southeastern corner of North Gyeongsang Province in South Korea. It is the second largest city by area in the province after Andong, covering 1,324 km² with a population of 264,091 people Gyeongju is 370 km southeast of Seoul, and 55 km east of Daegu. The city borders Cheongdo and Yeongcheon to the west, Ulsan to the south and Pohang to the north, while to the east lies the coast of the Sea of Japan. Numerous low mountains—outliers of the Taebaek range—are scattered around the city.
United Nations Security Council resolution 1335, adopted unanimously on 12 January 2001, after recalling previous resolutions on Croatia, including resolutions 779, 981, 1088, 1147, 1183, 1222, 1252, 1285, 1305 and 1307, the Council authorised the United Nations Mission of Observers in Prevlaka to continue monitoring the demilitarisation in the Prevlaka peninsula area of Croatia for six months until 15 July 2001. It was the first Security Council resolution adopted in 2001.
Jerry Allen Coyne is an American biologist known for his work on speciation and his commentary on intelligent design. A prolific scientist and author, he has published numerous papers elucidating the theory of evolution. He is currently a professor emeritus at the University of Chicago in the Department of Ecology and Evolution. His concentration is speciation and ecological and evolutionary genetics, particularly as they involve the fruit fly, Drosophila.
The Hugh John Flemming Bridge is part of Route 130 located near the town of Hartland in Carleton County, New Brunswick, Canada.
Aleppo Township is a township in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,916 at the 2010 census.
Erythronium multiscapideum is a California species of flowering plant in the lily family which is known by the common name Sierra fawn lily.
General Wilbur Lyman Creech commanded the United States Air Force Tactical Air Command from May 1, 1978 to December 31, 1984 with headquarters at Langley Air Force Base, Virginia. As of February 1984, the now-inactive Major Command directed the activities of two numbered air forces, three centers and seven air divisions. More than 111,300 military and civilian personnel were assigned to 32 Tactical Air Command bases in the United States, Panama, Okinawa and Iceland. Tactical Air Command was the gaining organization for 58,300 Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve personnel in 149 major units throughout the United States.
Llavorsí is a village in the province of Lleida and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.
Amrita Arora is an Indian film actress, model, TV Presenter and VJ.
Fellowship of the British Academy is an award granted by the British Academy to leading academics for their distinction in the humanities and social sciences. The categories are:
United Nations Security Council resolution 1065, adopted unanimously on 12 July 1996, after reaffirming all resolutions on Georgia, particularly 1036, the Council discussed efforts for a political settlement between Georgia and Abkhazia and extended the mandate of the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia until 31 January 1997.
The .338 Winchester Magnum is a .338 in caliber, belted, rimless, bottlenecked cartridge introduced in 1958 by Winchester Repeating Arms. It is based on the blown-out, shortened .375 H&H Magnum. The .338 in is the caliber at which medium-bore cartridges are considered to begin. The .338 Winchester Magnum is the first choice among professional brown bear guides in Alaska to back up clients where a powerful stopping caliber is required on charging bears. It is also the most popular medium-bore cartridge in North America and has the most widely available choice in rifles among medium bore rifles. The action length is the same as a .30-06 and most major rifle manufacturers in the United States chamber rifles for the cartridge including the semi-automatic Browning BAR Mk II Safari, making it a very powerful combination against charging dangerous game. The cartridge was intended for larger North American big-game species and has found use as for the hunting of thin-skinned African plains-game species.
Sandwich is a village and census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Sandwich in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 2,962 at the 2010 census, out of a total 20,675 people in the town of Sandwich.
Nicolas Saboly was a French poet, composer and choirmaster. He composed many Christmas carols in the Provençal dialect which form one of the monuments of poetry in that language and have been repeatedly republished until the present day.
The 2008 Wimbledon Men's Singles final was the championship tennis match of the Men's Singles tournament at the 2008 Wimbledon Championships. A part of the storied Federer–Nadal rivalry, it pitted then-top ranked Roger Federer against then second-ranked Rafael Nadal. After 4 hours and 48 minutes of play, Nadal defeated Federer 6–4, 6–4, 6–7, 6–7, 9–7. Many regard it as the greatest tennis match of all time.
Bayerisch Eisenstein/Železná Ruda-Alžbtín station is a railway station on the border of southeast Germany and the Czech Republic. It forms the junction between the Bavarian Forest railway from Plattling to Bayerisch Eisenstein, which was started in 1874 by the Bavarian Eastern Railway Company and completed by the Royal Bavarian State Railways, and the Pilsen–Markt Eisenstein railway built by the Pilsen–Priesen railway in what was then Bohemia. The national border between Germany and the Czech Republic runs through the middle of the station building.
Reseda is a neighborhood in the San Fernando Valley in Los Angeles, California. It was founded in 1912, and its central business district started developing in 1915. The neighborhood was devoted to agriculture for many years. Earthquakes struck the area in 1971 and 1994.
The Department of Mathematics and Statistics is an academic department at McGill University. It is located in Burnside Hall at McGill's downtown campus in Montreal.
South Palm Beach is a town located in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. The town is situated on a barrier island between the Atlantic Ocean and the Intracoastal Waterway. The entire town is approximately 5/8th of a mile long along South Ocean Boulevard, its only street. It is between the Town of Palm Beach to the north and the Town of Lantana and its public beach to the south. As of the 2010 census, the population was 1,171.
Tom Stout was a U.S. Representative from Montana, who represented Montana's at-large congressional district from March 4, 1913, to March 3, 1917.
The Point Au Fer Reef Light was a lighthouse built in 1916 on Eugene Island in Atchafalaya Bay, Louisiana to mark a new channel across Point Au Feu Reef. It replaced Southwest Reef Light as the entrance light for the Atchafalaya River. The light was deactivated and replaced by a skeleton tower in 1975. The Coast Guard then offered it to the South Lafourche Cultural and Historical Society, which declined, so the Coast Guard burned it down.
"The 1904 Vermont gubernatorial election took place on September 6, 1904. Incumbent Republican John G. McCullough, per the ""Mountain Rule"", did not run for re-election to a second term as Governor of Vermont. Republican candidate Charles J. Bell defeated Democratic candidate Eli H. Porter to succeed him."
Oslofjord Convention Center is a convention center in Stokke, Norway, as well as the company established to manage the facility.
Varmonzey is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
The PCC streetcar design was first built in the United States in the 1930s. The design was very successful in America. After World War II it was allowed to be used in other countries in the world. The PCC car has proved to be a long lasting icon of streetcar design, and PCC cars are still in service in various places around the world.
The Thomson MO6 was an 6809E-based computer introduced in France in 1986. It featured 128 KB of RAM, a 40×25 text display, and built-in Microsoft BASIC. The MO6 was available until January 1989.
The core discography of supergroup Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young consists of eight studio albums, five live albums, six compilation albums, four video albums, and 19 singles. Originally formed in 1968, the group released one album as the trio Crosby, Stills & Nash before recruiting Neil Young into the band for their first concerts in 1969. Of the band's eight studio albums, three have also included Young; and of the group's numerous tours, the quartet configuration has made concert tours in 1969, 1970, 1974, 2000, 2002, and 2006.
Mont Peney is a mountain of Savoie, France. It lies in the Bauges range. It has an elevation of 1,356 metres above sea level.
The 1964 European Rowing Championships were rowing championships held on the Bosbaan regatta course in the Dutch capital Amsterdam. Women competed from 31 July to 2 August. Men competed the following week from 6 to 9 August. Men competed in all seven Olympic boat classes, and women entered in five boat classes. Many of the men competed two months later at the Olympic Games in Tokyo; women would first be allowed to compete at Olympic level in 1976.
"Sylvan Esso is an American electronic pop duo from Durham, North Carolina, formed in 2013. The band consists of singer Amelia Meath and producer Nick Sanborn. They made their debut with the single ""Hey Mami"" and released their eponymous debut album on Partisan Records on May 12, 2014, which reached No. 39 on the Billboard 200. They released their second album What Now with Loma Vista Recordings on April 28, 2017, which was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Dance/Electronic Album."
Montcalm was a Gueydon-class armoured cruiser built for the French Navy in the 1890s. The ship saw service during World War I in the Pacific. Following the war, Montcalm was used as an accommodation ship. In 1934, the vessel was renamed Trémintin and was sunk during World War II by British aircraft.
Waldegrave Islands is an island group in the Australian state of South Australia located in the Investigator Group about 2.5 kilometres northwest by west of Cape Finniss on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula. The group consists of Waldegrave Island, Little Waldegrave Island and according to some sources, a pair of rocks known as the Watchers. The group is notable as a breeding site for Australian sea lions and Cape Barren geese. The group has enjoyed protected area status since the 1960s and as of 1972 has been part of the Waldegrave Islands Conservation Park.
On 13 June 2015, the Faroe Islands played Greece in a UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying match at Tórsvøllur, Tórshavn. They won 2–1, in what was their second victory over Greece in the qualifying campaign. The game is considered by many Greeks to be one of their most humiliating defeats in international football, while many Faroese people consider the match to be one of their greatest upsets.
Samoset is a census-designated place in Manatee County, Florida, United States. The population was 3,440 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Bradenton–Sarasota–Venice Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The Duchy of Anhalt was a historical German duchy. The duchy was located between the Harz Mountains in the west and the river Elbe and beyond to the Fläming Heath in the east. The territory was once ruled by the House of Ascania, and is now part of the federal state of Saxony-Anhalt.
Nigrán is a municipality of Galicia, Spain in Pontevedra Province, within the metropolitan area of Vigo, the most populous city in Galicia.
De Pere is a city located in Brown County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 24,970 according to U.S. Census Bureau. De Pere is part of the Green Bay Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Sipbachzell is a municipality in the district of Wels-Land in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.
William Clark Noble was an American sculptor best known for his monuments.
John Duncan Bulkeley was a vice admiral in United States Navy and was one of its most decorated naval officers. Bulkeley received the Medal of Honor for actions in the Pacific Theater during World War II. He was also the PT boat skipper who evacuated General Douglas MacArthur from Corregidor in the Philippines and commanded at the Battle of La Ciotat. The United States Navy named an Arleigh Burke-class guided missile destroyer after him: USS Bulkeley, commissioned in 2001.
Milton Barracks was a military installation at Milton Road in Gravesend, Kent.
98 Degrees is an American pop and R&B vocal group consisting of four vocalists: The group's founding member Jeff Timmons, brothers Nick and Drew Lachey, and Justin Jeffre. The group was formed by Timmons in Los Angeles, California, although all of its members originate from Ohio.
The Dom Luís I Bridge, or Luís I Bridge, is a double-deck metal arch bridge that spans the River Douro between the cities of Porto and Vila Nova de Gaia in Portugal. At its construction, its 172 metres span was the longest of its type in the world. It has been confused with the nearby Maria Pia Bridge, a railway bridge that was built 9 years earlier, which is similar in aspect to the Luís I bridge.
"Federico Anthony ""Fred"" Warner is an American football linebacker for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League. He played college football at BYU and was drafted by the 49ers in the third round of the 2018 NFL Draft."
Paul Stewart is a writer of children's books, best known for three series written in collaboration with the illustrator Chris Riddell: The Edge Chronicles, the Free Lance novels, and the Far Flung Adventures series. Paul Stewart lives in the British seaside city of Brighton with his wife and children.
Bialka Tatrzanska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bukowina Tatrzaska, within Tatra County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 6 kilometres north of Bukowina Tatrzaska, 16 km north-east of Zakopane, and 75 km south of the regional capital Kraków.
Allan Emrys Blakeney PC OC SOM QC FRSC was the tenth Premier of Saskatchewan from 1971 to 1982, and leader of the Saskatchewan New Democratic Party.
UPSat was the first satellite manufactured in Greece, by the University of Patras and Libre Space Foundation. It was part of the QB50 mission with ID GR-02. The UPSat mission was the first satellite launched into orbit made entirely of open-source software and open-source hardware.
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Prudnikov is a Russian football player who plays as a forward.
The Vrbanja is a river in Central Bosnia, Bosnia and Herzegovina; with Ugar, the largest right tributary of the Vrbas. Its basin covers an area of approximately 703.5 km². It has significant hydropower potential. There are many different estimations of the Vrbanja's length, from 70.5 km and 84 km to 95.4 km.
Abdelatif Noussir is a Moroccan footballer who plays for Wydad Casablanca and represented the Morocco under 23 football team. He also played for Morocco at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Hardee Apartments, also known as Jarrell Apartments, is a historic apartment building located at High Point, Guilford County, North Carolina. It was built in 1924, and is a two-story, four unit, Mission Revival style building. The frame building has a stuccoed finish. It features massive two-tiered corner porches and a pair of central stair entrances.
Elland Power Station was a coal-fired power station situated adjacent to the Manchester to Wakefield railway line and on a loop of the River Calder, north east of the town of Elland in West Yorkshire. The station occupied a site of some 65 acres.
Manduca boliviana is a moth of the family Sphingidae. It is known from Bolivia.
Bombus ruderarius, commonly known as the red-shanked carder bee or red-shanked bumblebee, is a species of bumblebee found in Eurasia.
Cleveland Heights is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States, and an inner-ring suburb of Cleveland. The city's population was 46,238 at the 2010 census. As of the 2010 census, Cleveland Heights was ranked the 8th largest city by population in the Greater Cleveland area and ranked 20th in Ohio. It was founded as a village in 1903 and a city in 1921.
Mackenrode is a municipality in the district of Eichsfeld in Thuringia, Germany.
McKinney National Airport, formerly Collin County Regional Airport at McKinney, is a general aviation airport located in McKinney, Texas, about 30 miles north of downtown Dallas.
Paneer tikka masala is an Indian dish of marinated paneer cheese served in a spiced gravy. It is a vegetarian alternative to chicken tikka masala.
The Beaufort scale is an empirical measure that relates wind speed to observed conditions at sea or on land. Its full name is the Beaufort wind force scale.
Newell Houston Ensley was a leader in the Baptist Church and African-American civil rights. He was a professor at Shaw University, Howard University, and Alcorn University.
Lucie Cadiès was a French athlete, who specialized in the middle distance races. Champion of France in the 1,000 m in 1918, she beat the World record in the 1000 meters. Her record is not yet recognized as such by the International Association of Athletics Federations which began to ratify female records for the 1 000 meters in 1922 with the time of Georgette Lenoir.
White Oak is a borough in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 7,862 at the 2010 census.
The 2010 Dhaka fire was a fire in the city of Dhaka, Bangladesh, on 3 June 2010, that killed at least 124 people. The fire occurred in the Nimtali area of Old Dhaka.
Alexander McCulloch was a Scottish professional football forward who played in The Football League for Middlesbrough, Newcastle United, Bradford Park Avenue, Lincoln City and Merthyr Town. He also played in the Scottish League and in Wales.
Erika Davies, also professionally credited as Miss Erika Davies, is an American jazz vocalist and actress. Davies is a San Diego-based singer-songwriter. She resides In San Diego California and gigs regularly.
Nagayo Station is a railway station in Nagayo, Nagasaki Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Kyushu and is on the Nagasaki Main Line.
The Browns Valley Carnegie Library is a Carnegie library building in Browns Valley, Minnesota, United States, completed in 1916. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 as the Browns Valley Carnegie Public Library for having local significance in the themes of architecture and education. It was nominated for being the town's most architecturally significant early-20th-century building and an example of the libraries provided to small Minnesota communities by Andrew Carnegie's philanthropy.
Northern Thailand is geographically characterised by several mountain ranges, which continue from the Shan Hills in bordering Myanmar to Laos, and the river valleys which cut through them. Though like most of Thailand, it has a tropical savanna climate, its relatively high elevation and latitude contribute to more pronounced seasonal temperature variation, with cooler winters than the other regions. Historically it is related to the Lanna Kingdom and its culture.
Pangodi Lake is a lake in Kambja Parish, Tartu County, Estonia.
The 2002 Floriade international horticultural exposition took place from April 6 to October 20, 2002, in Haarlemmermeer, Netherlands, with a theme of Contribution of Horticulture in the quality of life in the 21st century. Recognised by the Bureau International des Expositions, the festival covered 65 hectares and had 30 participating countries.
Buccleuch County is one of the 141 Cadastral divisions of New South Wales. It contains the locality of Adjungbilly. The Murrumbidgee River is at the northern boundary, with the Goodradigbee River on the eastern boundary, and the Tumut River on the western boundary. It includes the northern part of the Kosciuszko National Park.
Commitment to Change was a centre-right political party in Argentina, principally active in the City of Buenos Aires.
"Minnie ""Maud"" Powell was an American violinist who gained international acclaim for her skill and virtuosity."
"The Engagements on Lake Ontario encompass the prolonged naval contest for control of the lake during the War of 1812. Few actions were fought, none of which had decisive results. The contest essentially became a naval building race, sometimes referred to sarcastically as the ""Battle of the Carpenters."""
The Atlantic coastal desert is the westernmost ecoregion in the Sahara Desert of North Africa. It occupies a narrow strip along the Atlantic coast, where the more frequent fog and haze generated offshore by the cool Canary Current provides sufficient moisture to sustain a variety of lichens, succulents, and shrubs.
Juan Carlos Mundin-Schaffter, known as Carlos Thompson, was an Argentine actor.
Indilimma, previously read Indilimgur, was likely the last king of Ebla, in modern Syria, reigning around 1600 BCE.
Alex Labbé is a Canadian professional stock car racing driver. He currently competes full-time in the NASCAR Xfinity Series, driving the Nos. 36 and 90 Chevrolet Camaros for DGM Racing. The 2017 NASCAR Pinty's Series champion, he recently competed in the Quebec's ACT Series and in the PASS North Series.
Mycena rosella, commonly known as the pink bonnet, is a species of mushroom in the family Mycenaceae. First called Agaricus roseus by Swedish mycologist Elias Magnus Fries in 1794, it was assigned its current name in 1871 by German scientist Paul Kummer.
Thomas Ken was an English cleric who was considered the most eminent of the English non-juring bishops, and one of the fathers of modern English hymnody.
The two-spotted miner bee is a species of miner bee in the family Andrenidae. It is found in Central America and North America.
The Kowloon West geographical constituency is one of the five geographical constituencies of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong. It was established in 1998 following a reform to the electoral system for the Legislative Council of Hong Kong. It currently elects six Members of the Legislative Council using the Hare quota of party-list proportional representation. In the 1998 election there were three seats. The number of seats in 2000, 2004, 2008, 2012 and 2016 were 4, 4, 5, 5 and 6 respectively. The constituency corresponds to the districts of Yau Tsim Mong, Sham Shui Po, and Kowloon City.
Schoepfia arenaria, the arana, is a species of plant in the Olacaceae family. It is endemic to Puerto Rico. There are only about 120 individuals known to exist, and they are divided amongst four populations. This tree is federally listed as a threatened species of the United States.
"Colonel Harry Albert ""Paddy"" Flint was an officer of the United States Army during World War II. Although at 56 years of age he was considerably older than was generally acceptable for field-grade front-line infantry officers, he is most known for leading the 39th Infantry Regiment from its service in Sicily until he was mortally wounded six weeks after D-Day."
Sunderland North was a borough constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elected one Member of Parliament by the first past the post system of election.
Henry Herbert, 2nd Earl of Pembroke KG was a Welsh nobleman, peer and politician of the Elizabethan era.
Vorotnaberd is an important fortress along a ridge overlooking the Vorotan gorge, between the villages of Vaghatin and Vorotan in the Syunik Province of Armenia. Vorotnaberd is 1,365 metres above sea level.
Udo-jing is a Shinto shrine in Nichinan, Miyazaki prefecture, Japan, south of Aoshima. It is the mythical birthplace of Emperor Jimmu's father Ugayafukiaezu. According to shrine legends, it is the place where the sea goddess Toyotamahime, the mother of said Ugayafukiaezu, built a birth-hut from the feathers of a cormorant. Other gods venerated here are Yamasachihiko, Amaterasu, Amenooshihomimi, Ninigi-no-Mikoto, and Emperor Jimmu. While the original myth includes a tragic divorce of Ugayafukiaezu's parents, the shrine is popular with young couples hoping for easy childbirth and a happy marriage.
Werner Schneyder was an Austrian cabaret performer, journalist, writer, actor, stage director, television presenter and sports reporter. He performed cabaret in duo with Dieter Hildebrandt from 1974 to 1982. He presented Das aktuelle Sportstudio of the ZDF from 1975, and a series about boxing for RTL from 1992 to 1992.
Szabolcs Kókay is an illustrator, wildlife artist and nature painter.
Kaerov is a Prague Metro station on Line C. It was opened on 9 May 1974 as the southern terminus of the first section of Prague Metro, between Sokolovská and Kaerov. On 7 November 1980, the line was extended to Kosmonaut.
Joseph David Wozencroft Pigott is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for League One club AFC Wimbledon.
Turhan Yaar Erdoan was a Turkish academic in civil engineering.
Fabian Dawkins is a Jamaican former footballer.
The Sardinia Radio Telescope is 64-metre fully steerable radio telescope completed in 2011, located near San Basilio, province of Cagliari in Sardinia, Italy. It is a collaboration between the Istituto di Radioastronomia di Bologna, the Cagliari Observatory and the Arcetri Astrophysical Observatory.
Sima Hui, courtesy name Decao and pseudonym Shuijing, was a hermit who lived during the late Eastern Han dynasty of China.
Matthew James Welsh, OAM is an Australian swimmer who is the former world champion in the backstroke and butterfly. He took two golds in 50-metre butterfly and 50-metre backstroke, during one hour, at the World Championships in Shanghai 2006. Welsh retired from professional swimming in March 2008 when he failed to secure a place in the team for the Beijing Olympics.
Guilberville is a former commune in the Manche department in north-western France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Torigny-les-Villes. The population was 1,211 in 2017.
Kaluzhskaya is a station on the Kaluzhsko-Rizhskaya Line of the Moscow Metro. It opened on 12 August 1974, replacing a temporary station of the same name that had been operating since 1964. The new station was built to the column tri-span design with tapered octagonal columns in place of the usual square ones. Also the step of the columns was extended from 4 metres to 6.5, and the height of the ceiling raised. The columns are faced with pink Baikal marble, the walls are tiled with white ceramic and decorated with metallic artworks; the floor is laid with grey granite. The architects of the station were N. Demchinskiy and Yuliya Kolesnikova.
Westborough is a census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Westborough in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 4,045 at the 2010 census.
Nawojowa Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszowice, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. The village has a population of 1,896.
Brest is a port city in the Finistère département in Brittany. Located in a sheltered bay not far from the western tip of the peninsula, and the western extremity of metropolitan France, Brest is an important harbour and the second French military port after Toulon. The city is located on the western edge of continental Europe. With 142,722 inhabitants in a 2007 census, Brest is at the centre of Western Brittany's largest metropolitan area, ranking third behind only Nantes and Rennes in the whole of historic Brittany, and the 19th most populous city in France; moreover, Brest provides services to the one million inhabitants of Western Brittany. Although Brest is by far the largest city in Finistère, the préfecture of the department is the much smaller Quimper.
Kepahiang is a regency in Bengkulu. It is located on the Indonesian island of Sumatra. The regency seat is Kepahiang town. Census on 2016, Kepahiang had 162,343 inhabitants. The regency has a total area of 704.47 km², of which a high percentage is still forest. The local society consists of various ethnicities such as Rejang, Serawai, Javanese, Lembak and Sundanese. Rejang is the majority in Kepahiang.
"Pérez Castellanos, also known as Castro - Pérez Castellanos, is a barrio of Montevideo, Uruguay. In the new division of Montevideo in municipalities and ""communal centre zones"", Pérez Castellanos belongs to municipality D and CCZ 11."
Cimba was a British-built clipper in the Australian wool trade. She sailed between London and Sydney for 20 years, from 1878 to 1898. In 1905, Cimba set the sailing ship record for a passage from Callao to Iquique, of 14 days.
Graves County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2010 census, the population was 37,181. Its county seat is Mayfield.
Beaver Dam is an antebellum plantation house located on the northern edge of present-day Knightdale, Wake County, North Carolina. The house was built circa 1810 by Col. William Hinton, brother of Charles Lewis Hinton who built the nearby Midway Plantation. At its height, Beaver Dam plantation encompassed around 4,000 acres and was home to about 50 slaves.
"The Chauchat was the standard light machine gun or ""machine rifle"" of the French Army during World War I. Its official designation was ""Fusil Mitrailleur Modele 1915 CSRG"". Beginning in June 1916, it was placed into regular service with French infantry, where the troops called it the FM Chauchat, after Colonel Louis Chauchat, the main contributor to its design. The Chauchat in 8mm Lebel was also extensively used in 1917–18 by the American Expeditionary Forces, where it was officially designated as the ""Automatic Rifle, Model 1915"". A total of 262,000 Chauchats were manufactured between December 1915 and November 1918, including 244,000 chambered for the 8mm Lebel service cartridge, making it the most widely manufactured automatic weapon of World War I. The armies of eight other nations—Belgium, Finland, Greece, Italy, Poland, Romania, Russia, and Serbia—also used the Chauchat machine rifle in fairly large numbers during and after World War I.
The Dumbarton Oaks Park is a public park, located in the 3100 block of R Street, Northwest, Washington, D.C., in the Georgetown neighborhood. Access is via
Tobias Sana is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a winger for IFK Göteborg in Allsvenskan.
The Aisha-Bibi is an 11th or 12th-century mausoleum for a noble woman located in the village of Aisha Bibi, 18 km west of Taraz, Kazakhstan on the Silk Road. It is locally famous as a monument to love and faithfulness.
The Weihrauch HW 77 is an underlever spring-piston air rifle developed and manufactured by the German sporting weapon manufacturer Weihrauch. Known for its accuracy, the HW 77 is widely considered the most successful underlever air rifle ever made. It is also known for its rugged construction, considerable weight and precision match-grade adjustable trigger. The gun was marketed and sold as the Beeman HW 77 in the American market.
Michael Ben-Ari is an Israeli politician, and former member of the Knesset. During the 18th Knesset, Ben Ari was a member of the National Union party, until it broke up as elections for the 19th Knesset approached and he co-established the Otzma LeYisrael party. He failed to be re-elected to the 19th Knesset. He was banned by the courts from running in the 2019 election. He was the first outspoken disciple of Rabbi Meir Kahane to have been elected to the Knesset. He has a Ph.D in Land of Israel and Archaeology studies.
Eli Thomas Stackhouse was a U.S. Representative from South Carolina and an officer in the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia during the American Civil War.
Morula is a genus of small, predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.
Grotto Geyser is a fountain-type geyser located in the Upper Geyser Basin in Yellowstone National Park in the United States. Grotto Geyser is the namesake for the group of geysers that includes Grotto Fountain Geyser, South Grotto Fountain Geyser, Indicator Spring, Spa Geyser, startling geyser, and Rocket Geyser.
The haddock is a saltwater fish from the family Gadidae, the true cods. It is the only species in the monotypic genus Melanogrammus. It is found in the North Atlantic Ocean and associated seas where it is an important species for fisheries, especially in northern Europe where it is marketed fresh, frozen and smoked; smoked varieties include the Finnan haddie and the Arbroath smokie.
"Sable Island, literally ""island of sand"", is a small Canadian island situated 300 km southeast of Halifax, Nova Scotia, and about 175 km southeast of the closest point of mainland Nova Scotia in the Atlantic Ocean. The island is staffed year round by four federal government staff, rising during summer months when research projects and tourism increase. Notable for its role in early Canadian history and the Sable Island horse, the island is protected and managed by Parks Canada, which must grant permission prior to any visit. Sable Island is part of District 7 of the Halifax Regional Municipality in Nova Scotia. However, the Constitution of Canada specifically names the island as being under the authority of the federal government. The island is also a protected National Park Reserve."
Koloi Mikailovich Kartoev also known as Selim Yaar or Zelimkhan Kartoev, is an Ingush-born Russian naturalized Turkish freestyle wrestler, Junior and Cadet World Champion. Runner-up 2015 World Wrestling Championships and bronze medalist 2014 World Wrestling Championships. Winner Wenceslas Ziolkowski Memorial XLIX. He is a Turkish national wrestling champion. He won a silver medal at the 2016 Summer Olympics, losing to Russian Abdulrashid Sadulaev. Yaar became bronze medalist at the 2017 European Wrestling Championships in Novi Sad, Serbia.
Krumsín is a village and municipality in Prostjov District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.
Lida, Nevada is a small ghost town in Esmeralda County, Nevada, near the border with California. The GNIS classifies it as a populated place. It is located on State Route 266, north of Magruder Mountain.
Calheta is a municipality on the island of São Jorge, in the Portuguese autonomous region of Azores. The municipality includes the eastern portion of the island of São Jorge and borders the municipality of Velas. The population in 2011 was 3,773, in an area of 126.26 km².
Manuel L. Quezon Avenue, more often called as Quezon Avenue, or simply Quezon Ave, is a 7.1-kilometer, six-to-fourteen lane, major thoroughfare in Metro Manila named after President Manuel Luis Quezon, the second president of the Philippines. The avenue starts at the Quezon Memorial Circle and runs through to the Welcome Rotonda near the boundary of Quezon City and Manila.
Aragona is a commune in the province of Agrigento, Sicily, southern Italy. It is 16 kilometres northeast of Agrigento. It is known mainly for the Macalube natural reserve and for being the Italian municipality with the highest emigration rate.
Laketon is an unincorporated census-designated place in Pleasant Township, Wabash County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
The Dent Blanche is a mountain in the Pennine Alps, lying in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. It is 4,357 metres-high, it is one of the highest peaks in the Alps.
USS John Rodgers (DD-574) was a Fletcher-class destroyer of the United States Navy commissioned during World War II. She was the second Navy ship of that name, in honor of three members of the Rodgers family who served in the Navy from the War of 1812 through World War I. John Rodgers served in several wartime actions in the Pacific, receiving 12 battle stars.
Bromoiodomethane is a halomethane with the formula BrCHI. It is a colorless liquid, although older samples appear yellow. The compound has been investigated as a reagent for cyclopropanation by the Simmons-Smith reaction, but diiodomethane and chloroiodomethane are preferred. It also occurs naturally as the result of microbial action.
The Kyrgyz Horse or Kirgiz Horse is a traditional breed of small horse from the Kyrgyz Republic. Kyrgyz people associate it with their nomadic past. During the Soviet era of Kyrgyz history, the Kyrgyz Horse was cross-bred with imported foreign breeds, including Don and Thoroughbred strains, to create a new and larger breed, the Novokirgiz or New Kirgiz.
Waukau is an unincorporated census-designated place in the town of Rushford, in Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States. The community is located on Wisconsin Highway 116 at its south terminus at Wisconsin Highway 91. As of the 2010 census, its population is 255.
Saint-Michel d'Aiguilhe is a chapel in Aiguilhe, near Le Puy-en-Velay, France. The chapel is reached by 268 steps carved into the rock. It was built in 969 on a volcanic plug 85 metres high. The surface on top of the plug is 57 metres in diameter.
St Laurence's Church is in the village of Morland, Cumbria, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Appleby, the archdeaconry of Carlisle, and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of St Mary, Thrimby, St Barnabas, Great Strickland, and St Cuthbert, Cliburn. The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building. It has the only Anglo-Saxon tower in Cumbria.
Bernarda Heimgartner – born Maria Anna Heimgartner – was a Swiss Roman Catholic professed religious and the co-founder of the Sisters of the Holy Cross of Menzingen. Heimgartner founded this order alongside Theodosius Florentini in 1844 and served as its leader until three months before her death. She had become a professed religious of the Sisters of Divine Providence in 1843 and made her vows in 1844 before establishing her congregation.
John Charles Montagu Douglas Scott, 7th Duke of Buccleuch and 9th Duke of Queensberry, KT, GCVO, styled The Honourable John Montagu Douglas Scott until 1884, Lord John Montagu Douglas Scott between 1884 and 1886 and Earl of Dalkeith until 1914 was a Scottish Member of Parliament and peer.
Lars Mauritz Hanson was a Swedish film and stage actor, internationally mostly remembered for his motion picture roles during the silent film era.
Delft Seaways is a ro-pax ferry owned and operated by DFDS Seaways. She is the one of three sister ships designed for the cross-Channel route from Dover to Dunkerque, capable of making the crossing in 1 hour and 45 minutes. Delft Seaways is a Scandinavian designed ship built at the Samsung shipyards in South Korea in 2005. She sails under the flag of the United Kingdom and her port of registry is Dover.
Dunzweiler is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Kusel district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It belongs to the Verbandsgemeinde of Oberes Glantal.
"Quidi Vidi is a neighbourhood in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador. The village is adjacent to Quidi Vidi Lake. Quidi Vidi's harbour is known as ""The Gut"". Located in Quidi Vidi is the Quidi Vidi Battery Provincial Historic Site. The village is home to several small businesses."
Kasserine is the capital city of the Kasserine Governorate, in west-central Tunisia. It is situated below Jebel ech Chambi, Tunisia's highest mountain. Its population is 76,243.
Bhikaiji Rustom Cama was one of the prominent figures in the Indian independence movement.
Wilfred Flowers was a professional cricketer who played for Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club between 1877 and 1896.
Tower Hill Wildlife Reserve, formerly Tower Hill State Game Reserve, is a protected area located in the Australian state of Victoria, approximately 275 kilometres west of Melbourne, and 15 kilometres north-west of Warrnambool. It encompasses the extinct Tower Hill volcano and wetland and is 614 hectares in area.
Carpineto is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
Bozhou is a prefecture-level city in northwestern Anhui province, China. It borders Huaibei to the northeast, Bengbu to the southeast, Huainan to the south, Fuyang to the southwest, and Henan to the north. Its population was 4,850,657 at the 2010 census, of whom 1,409,436 lived in the built-up area made of Qiaocheng urban district, even though the county remains largely rural.
"Sisters were a duo, put together by NDR, that represented Germany in the Eurovision Song Contest 2019 in Tel Aviv with the song ""Sister"" after winning the German national final Unser Lied für Israel in February 2019. They finished in 25th place with 24 points. In February 2020, they announced that they had gone their separate ways."
Geraldine Page was an American film, stage, and television actress. Over the course of her career, she earned seven Academy Award nominations, before winning the award for Best Actress for her performance in The Trip to Bountiful. Among her numerous awards and nominations, she earned two Golden Globe Awards and four Tony Award nominations.
"Sarah Linnea Nova Klang, is a Swedish singer and songwriter. She has released one top peaking music album, and performed at På spåret, and in the music festival South by Southwest. She is also a Grammis-award winner in the category ""Alternative Pop of the Year""."
Green Township is a township in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the township's population was 3,601, reflecting an increase of 381 from the 3,220 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 511 from the 2,709 counted in the 1990 Census.
Lizzanello is a town and comune in the province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south-east Italy.
Otmíe is a municipality and village in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. As of 2017, the current population is 185.
The Fourth Street Historic District is a historic district in Sioux City, Iowa, United States. It consists of a concentration of fifteen late-nineteenth-century commercial buildings between Virginia and Iowa Streets that date from 1889 to approximately 1915. Many of the buildings are significant for their elaborate Romanesque Revival architecture. The area is now a local center of restaurants, bars, and specialty shops.
Puzur-Inshushinak, also read Kutik-Inshushinak in Elamite, was king of Elam, around 2100 BC, and the last from the Awan dynasty according to the Susa kinglist. He mentions his father'name as Šimpi-išhuk, which, being an Elamite name, suggests that Puzur-Inshuhinak himself was Elamite.
Diversibipalium is a genus of land planarians of the subfamily Bipaliinae. It was erected to include species lacking sufficient morphological information to allow them to be classified in the appropriate genus.
The short-beaked echidna is one of four living species of echidna and the only member of the genus Tachyglossus. It is covered in fur and spines and has a distinctive snout and a specialized tongue, which it uses to catch its insect prey at a great speed. Like the other extant monotremes, the short-beaked echidna lays eggs; the monotremes are the only group of mammals to do so.
Die tote Stadt, Op. 12, is an opera in three acts by Erich Wolfgang Korngold set to a libretto by Paul Schott, a collective pseudonym for the composer and his father, Julius Korngold. It is based on the 1892 novel Bruges-la-Morte by Georges Rodenbach.
Alma is a town in Ellis County, Texas, United States. The population was 331 at the 2010 census.
Kelvim José Escobar Bolívar is a Venezuelan former professional baseball pitcher. He played for the Toronto Blue Jays and Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim. He won 101 games, but his career was cut short by shoulder injuries.
Florence is a coastal city in Lane County, in the U.S. state of Oregon. It lies at the mouth of the Siuslaw River on the Pacific Ocean and about midway between Newport and Coos Bay along U.S. Route 101. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 8,466.
HMS Brisk was a 14-gun wooden-hulled screw sloop of the Royal Navy, launched on 2 June 1851 from Woolwich Dockyard. She served in the Crimean War and as part of the West African anti-piracy patrol, as well as during the New Zealand Wars. She was sold in 1870.
The Great Siege of Acapulco was a battle of the War of Mexican Independence that occurred on 12 April 1813 at Acapulco de Juárez. The battle was fought between the royalist forces loyal to the Spanish crown, commanded by Pedro Antonio Vélez, and the Mexican rebels fighting for independence from the Spanish Empire, commanded by José María Morelos. The prestigious battle resulted in a victory for the Mexican rebels.
Wells Fargo Center is a 129 m office building in downtown Sacramento California. Construction on the skyscraper began in 1990 with completion in 1992, and is the tallest building in the city. The building occupies a 2.3-acre city block, and features a five-story granite and marble walled interior within a clear glass atrium. The project was developed by William Wilson & Associates in partnership with Crocker Properties. The architect was Hellmuth, Obata and Kassabaum.
Buritis is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Rondônia. Its population was 37,838 and its area is 3,266 km². The city consists largely of unpaved, dirt packed roads. There is one large grocery store of the Goncalves chain. Buritis has one stoplight. Surrounding and outlying farmers rely on Buritis to supply goods and replenish supplies. The city has a democratic government with a mayor and eight sitting Council members for each of the eight sectors. The climate is tropical/equatorial with few variations in temperature and climate from month to month.
Leila George D'Onofrio is an Australian-American actress.
"The Chintamani Temple of Theur is a Hindu temple dedicated to Ganesha, the elephant-headed god of wisdom. Located 25 km from Pune, the temple is ""one of the larger and more famous"" of the Ashtavinayaka, the eight revered shrines of Ganesha in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Chalermwong Udomna, who boxes as Poonsawat Kratingdaenggym, is a retired professional boxer from Thailand who fought in the Super bantamweight division. He is a former WBA Regular Bantamweight and Super Bantamweight World Champion, and a former PABA regional Bantamweight and Superbantamweight. His manager is Niwat Laosuwanwat who is the manager of the former WBA Junior bantamweight World Champion and legendary Thai boxer Khaosai Galaxy.
The Chief Of Air Staff is the professional head and highest appointment of the Bangladesh Air Force. Only pilots get this post. The appointment is held by a four-star air officer and the current COAS is Air Chief Marshal Masihuzzaman Serniabat.Prior to 2016, from 2007 the appointment was held by an Air Marshal and from 1972 to 2007 COAS's rank was Air Vice Marshal.
"The 12""/50 caliber Bethlehem gun was a US naval gun designed in 1910 as the main armament for the Argentine Navy’s dreadnought battleships of the Rivadavia class."
St. Edward's School is a convent school located at Milsington Estate, Shimla, India. It is a boys-only day school. St. Edward's has been ranked among the top schools in India. It was initially affiliated to ICSE but was changed over to the Central Board of Secondary Education system in 2008. The School is managed by Simla Chandigarh Educational Society, under the Bishop of Simla Chandigarh Diocese. The school offers education from Nursery to Class XII.
"The Former Residence of Gan Xi, known as the Grand Courtyard of the Gan Clan, is located on Zhongshan South Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, China. It lies next to Nan Bu Ting, the South station of the former Nanjing Police Station. It was built in the reign of the Jiaqing Emperor, the Qing Dynasty, and its first owner was Gan Xi’s father, Gan Fu. Originally known as ""Fraternity Hall"", it now serves as the Nanjing Folk Museum.
Triacylglycerol lipase EC 3.1.1.3, are enzymes that hydrolyse ester linkages of triglycerides. These lipases are widely distributed in animals, plants and prokaryotes. This family was also called class 3 lipases as they are only distantly related to other lipase families. This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
Messimy-sur-Saône is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Rankin-Harwell House, also known as The Columns, Carolina Hall, and the James Harwell House, is a historic plantation house located near Florence, Florence County, South Carolina. It was built in 1857, and is a two-story, frame, Greek Revival style dwelling. It features 22 giant freestanding Doric order stuccoed brick columns that surround the house on three sides. It rests on a raised basement and has a low-pitched hipped roof.
Christoph Niemann is an illustrator, graphic designer, and children’s book author.
Nocton Hub in Nocton, Lincolnshire, England was built in 2019-2020 as a community-owned and operated building to replace the previous village hall that stood on the same site.
Christophe Patrice Lemaire is a French-born jockey. He takes his middle name from his father, who made a name for himself in the world of French handicap racing.
The Chapel Emmanuel Railroad Car was one of thirteen railroad cars used as chapels in the United States starting about 1890. Seven of the cars were built by the Barney and Smith Car Company of Dayton, Ohio and travelled from town to town, mainly in the sparsely populated western states and territories, under the direction of the American Baptist Publication Society.
Alireza Vafaei is an Iranian professional futsal player. He is a Left Winger, and currently a member of Sohan Mohammad Sima in the Iranian Futsal Super League.
Fedir Shvets was a Ukrainian geologist, public activist, and statesman.
Afonso V, known by the sobriquet the African, was King of Portugal. His sobriquet refers to his conquests in Northern Africa.
Wuchereria bancrofti is a human parasitic worm that is the major cause of lymphatic filariasis. It is one of the three parasitic worms, together with Brugia malayi and B. timori, that infect the lymphatic system to cause lymphatic filariasis. These filarial worms are spread by a variety of mosquito vector species. W. bancrofti is the most prevalent of the three and affects over 120 million people, primarily in Central Africa and the Nile delta, South and Central America, the tropical regions of Asia including southern China, and the Pacific islands. If left untreated, the infection can develop into a chronic disease called Lymphatic filariasis. In rare conditions, it also causes tropical eosinophilia, an asthmatic disease. No vaccine is commercially available, but high rates of cure have been achieved with various antifilarial regimens and lymphatic filariasis is the target of the WHO Global Program to Eliminate Lymphatic Filariasis with the aim to eradicate the disease as a public-health problem by 2020.
Luke Spencer is an American professional soccer player who plays for Louisville City in the USL Championship.
Ottumwa was a United States Navy Natick-class large harbor tug named for Ottumwa, Iowa.
The Alismatales are an order of flowering plants including about 4500 species. Plants assigned to this order are mostly tropical or aquatic. Some grow in fresh water, some in marine habitats.
Stevensville is a town in Ravalli County, Montana, United States. The population was 1,809 at the 2010 census.
Echo Bridge is a historic masonry bridge spanning the Charles River between Needham to Newton Upper Falls, Massachusetts, and Ellis Street in Newton. The bridge carries the Sudbury Aqueduct and foot traffic, and is located in the Hemlock Gorge Reservation. At the time of its construction in 1875–1877 it was the second longest masonry arch in the country. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, and was named an American Water Landmark in 1981.
Lee Hsueh-lin is a Taiwanese professional basketball player who has been a leading competitor in several top Asian leagues, including most prominently with the Beijing Ducks in the Chinese Basketball Association. During the 2011-2012 season, he helped the team win its first-ever CBA championship, and he was named CBA Finals MVP, several months after the campaign ended.
The United States Army Signal Corps is a branch of the United States Army that creates and manages communications and information systems for the command and control of combined arms forces. It was established in 1860, the brainchild of Major Albert J. Myer, and had an important role in the American Civil War. Over its history, it had the initial responsibility for portfolios and new technologies that were eventually transferred to other U.S. government entities. Such responsibilities included military intelligence, weather forecasting, and aviation.
Re Astor’s Settlement Trusts [1952] Ch 534 is an English trusts law case, concerning the principle that non-charitable trusts must be for beneficiaries and not abstract purposes.
Apartadó is a town and municipality in the Antioquia Department, Colombia.
Maximilian, Count von Merveldt, among the most famous of an illustrious old Westphalian family, entered Habsburg military service, rose to the rank of General of Cavalry, served as Francis II, Holy Roman Emperor's ambassador to Russia, and became special envoy extraordinaire to the Court of St. James's. He fought with distinction in the wars between the Habsburg and the Ottoman empires, the French Revolutionary Wars, and the Napoleonic Wars.
The Suzuki RGV- 500 was a racing motorcycle manufactured by Suzuki from 1986 to 2001 for competition in the Grand Prix motorcycle racing series. The motorcycle was powered by a 499.3 cc two stroke engine.
Tofu skin, yuba, bean curd skin, bean curd sheet, or bean curd robes, is a food product made from soybeans. During the boiling of soy milk, in an open shallow pan, a film or skin forms on the liquid surface. The films are collected and dried into yellowish sheets known as tofu skin. Since tofu skin is not produced using a coagulant, it is not technically a proper tofu; however, it does have similar texture and flavor to some tofu products.
In the United States Army, U.S. Marine Corps, U.S. Air Force and U.S. Space Force, lieutenant colonel is a field-grade military officer rank, just above the rank of major and just below the rank of colonel. It is equivalent to the naval rank of commander in the other uniformed services.
Helen Epstein is an American writer of memoir, journalism and biography who lives in Lexington, Massachusetts, United States.
Madill is a city and county seat of Marshall County, Oklahoma, United States. It was named in honor of George Alexander Madill, an attorney for the St. Louis-San Francisco Railway. The population at the 2010 census was 3,770, an increase of 10.8 percent from 3,410 at the 2000 census. It is best known as the site of the annual National Sand Bass Festival. It is part of the Texoma region and home of Britt Moore.
SS Selma was an oil tanker built in 1919 by F.F. Ley and Company, Mobile, Alabama. President Woodrow Wilson approved the construction of 24 concrete vessels of which only 12 were actually completed.
Fiorentina competed in Serie A, Coppa Italia and Inter-Cities Fairs Cup.
Pristimantis crucifer is a species of frog in the family Craugastoridae. It is endemic to Ecuador. Its natural habitats are tropical moist montane forests and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Chenopodium giganteum, also known as tree spinach, is an annual, upright many-branched shrub with a stem diameter of up to 5 cm at the base, that can grow to a height of up to 3 m.
Township of Davison is a civil township of Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan consisting of the survey township of North 7 East 8 less the administratively autonomous city of Davison. The population was 19,575 at the 2010 census, up from 17,722 at the 2000 census.
Xiao Zhan Chinese: ; pinyin: Xio Zhàn, born 5 October 1991, also known as Sean Xiao, is a Chinese actor and singer. He is a member of the male idol group X Nine. Xiao received widespread popularity and recognition for his roles in the dramas Oh! My Emperor (2018), Joy of Life (2019) and The Untamed (2019).
Clayville is a census-designated place in the towns of Foster and Scituate in Providence County, Rhode Island, United States. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 300. It is the location of the Clayville Historic District.
Gambel's quail is a small ground-dwelling bird in the New World quail family. It inhabits the desert regions of Arizona, California, Colorado, New Mexico, Nevada, Utah, Texas, and Sonora; also New Mexico-border Chihuahua and the Colorado River region of Baja California. The Gambel's quail is named in honor of William Gambel, a 19th-century naturalist and explorer of the Southwestern United States.
Benton is a borough in Columbia County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 824 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Bloomsburg–Berwick Micropolitan Statistical Area.
The Bracklinn Falls are a series of waterfalls north-east of Callander, Scotland on the course of the Keltie Water, where the river crosses the Highland Boundary Fault.
"Clonk is a single player and multiplayer computer game series. The games feature a mix of the action, real-time strategy and platform game genres. Developed between 1994 and 2014 by RedWolf Design the games of the series were originally released as Shareware and became around 2008/2014 Freeware and open source software. The game's community develops since then the series under the name OpenClonk. The game series was compared and described as mixture of Worms, The Settlers, Tetris, Lemmings and Minecraft. The game was noted for the easy game ""extension"" mechanic with an integrated editor and developer mode, which allows experienced players to create their own modifications directly into the game."
Umewaka Minoru I, also Umewaka Rokur LII, was a Noh actor of late Edo and early Meiji period Japan. A prolific teacher of Noh in the Meiji period, he taught a variety of people including the painter Kgyo, the writer Ezra Pound, and the scholar and art collector Ernest Fenollosa. His diary, published under the title Umewaka Minoru Nikki, spans much of his life, and records in great detail his activities and the world of Noh in the Meiji period.
Clairfield is an unincorporated community in Claiborne County, Tennessee, United States. It is located in the upper Clearfork Valley in the Cumberland Mountains of northeastern Tennessee. It is the site of a post office, assigned ZIP code 37715. The population of the Zip Code Tabulation Area corresponding to Clairfield's ZIP code was 1,002 as of the 2000 Census.
Surfers Paradise is a coastal suburb of the City of Gold Coast in Queensland, Australia. Colloquially known as 'Surfers', the suburb has many high-rise apartment buildings and a wide surf beach. The feature of the heart of the suburb is Cavill Mall, which runs through the shopping and entertainment precinct. Cavill Avenue, named after Jim Cavill, an early hotel owner, is one of the busiest shopping strips in Queensland, and the centre of activity for night life. One of the features of the area is the Surfers Paradise Meter Maids designed to build goodwill with tourists.
Merklín is a municipality and village in Plze-South District in the Plze Region of the Czech Republic. It has a population of about 1,200.
The Presidential Horse Guard Mounted Ceremonial Squadron, shortened as the Representative Squadron of the Polish Army is a cavalry unit that is part of the 1st Guards Battalion, Representative Honor Guard Regiment of the Polish Armed Forces. It serves as the travelling mounted escort of the President of Poland, who serves as the Supreme Commander of the Polish Armed Forces. This cavalry unit, raised in 2000, is the successor of the heritage and traditions of the cavalry units of the Polish Land Forces dating from many centuries. Apart from the escort of dignitaries, it also participates in ceremonial military parades, official anniversary celebrations and historical reenactments.
Lisa Azuelos is a French director, writer, and producer. She is the daughter of singer Marie Laforêt and her father is of Sephardic descent.
Nshan Beshiktashlian was an Armenian poet, writer, satirist, and novelist.
Kako Band is an Iranian new-style integrative and vocal Fusion band. In 2013 Kako band produced and released its first album called Invite
Senty Church is a Christian church built in 965 in the territory of modern Karachay-Cherkessia. It is situated on the left bank of the Teberda River, near the village of Nizhnyaya Teberda, 18 km south of Karachaevsk. Senty Church is the earliest dated church in Russia.
Federal Service for Labor and Employment is the federal executive body of Russia under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Labor and Social Protection of the Russian Federation. It carries out enforcement functions in the field of labor, employment and alternative civil service, functions to control and supervise compliance with labor laws and other regulatory legal acts containing labor law, legislation on employment of the population, alternative civil service, functions to provide public services in the field promoting employment and protection against unemployment, labor migration and the settlement of collective labor disputes.
Darius Nash Couch was an American soldier, businessman, and naturalist. He served as a career U.S. Army officer during the Mexican–American War, the Second Seminole War, and as a general officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Kritou Terra is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 3 km east of Dhrousha. Kritou Tera is located 479 m above sea level. It receives 630 mm of rainfall annually. Situated in the area of Laona, as the wider area is called and in a landscape surrounded by high mountain peaks and to the north overlooking the Gulf of Chrysochous, Kritou Terra is built at an altitude of 465 meters, is one of the ampelochoria of the island and is considered one of the most beautiful and picturesque villages of the province. It has fantastic climatic conditions and because it’s located by the third biggest spring in Cyprus it’s green all year round.
Kao Chien-chih is a Taiwanese politician.
"Tathan ""Tate"" Martell is an American football player for the Miami Hurricanes. He previously played quarterback at Ohio State."
Três Rios is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro. As of 2015 its population was 79,264 and its area is around 326 km². As of 2017, the mayor of Três Rios is Josimar Sales Maia.
Sébastien Schuller is a French singer, songwriter and film score composer living in Philadelphia. His film scores include Toi et Moi, Notre univers impitoyable, Un Jour d'Été, One O One and High Society.
William A. Navas Jr. is a retired United States Army Major General who served as the Director of the Army National Guard. He is also the first Puerto Rican to be named an Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
Elmar Mock is a Swiss watch engineer with specialized knowledge in polymers, an industrial designer, and inventor.
Juan Lindolfo de los Reyes Cuestas was a Uruguayan politician who served as the 18th President of Uruguay from 1897 until 1899 and for a second term from 1899 to 1903.
Elisabeth Kulman is an Austrian classical singer who has performed operatic roles in soprano, mezzo-soprano and contralto repertory. She has appeared at opera houses in Vienna and internationally. She has performed early operas such as Legrenzi's Il Giustino as well as new works, creating the role of Gora in the premiere of Reimann's Medea at the Vienna State Opera. She recorded Lieder by Mussorgsky, Bach's Christmas Oratorio with Peter Schreier and Beethoven's Missa solemnis with Nikolaus Harnoncourt. From 2015, she has focused on concert singing.
Kamleshwar was a prominent 20th-century Hindi writer, and scriptwriter for Hindi cinema and television. Among his most well-known work are the films Aandhi, Mausam, Chhoti Si Baat and Rang Birangi. He was awarded the 2003 Sahitya Akademi Award for his Hindi novel Kitne Pakistan, and also the Padma Bhushan in 2005.
The President of the Senate of the Philippines, or more popularly known as the Senate President, is the presiding officer and the highest-ranking official of the Senate of the Philippines, and third highest and most powerful official in the Government of the Philippines.
Freddy Emir Montaña Cadena is a Colombian road cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental team EPM–Scott.
The ancient church of Sant'Alessandro is found on in via Garibaldi in Parma, Italy.
Karl Philipp Moritz was a German author, editor and essayist of the Sturm und Drang, late enlightenment, and classicist periods, influencing early German Romanticism as well. He led a life as a hatter's apprentice, teacher, journalist, literary critic, professor of art and linguistics, and member of both of Berlin's academies.
Achamatti is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India. It is located in the Parasgad taluk of Belgaum district in Karnataka.
Salvaterra de Miño is a town and municipality in the province of Pontevedra, autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It's located on the southern border of the province of Pontevedra, at the confluence of the valleys of the rivers Tea and Minho, and by the natural limits of the Serra da Cañiza. It borders the Municipalities of As Neves in the east, Mondariz and Poteareas to the north, and to the south by the Minno river. The Minno river is the southern natural border that today separates Portugal with its fortified town of Monção from current Galicia to the north.
Tsenkher is a sum of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia.
In 1922, Alfred Hitchcock obtained his first shot at directing for Gainsborough Pictures with the film Number 13. Clare Greet and Ernest Thesiger were to star as husband and wife. The story was about low-income residents of a building, financed by The Peabody Trust, founded by American banker-philanthropist George Foster Peabody, to offer affordable housing to needy Londoners.
MV Moonta is a 1931 built Australian coastal passenger ship. Later in life she became the landlocked casino ship and tourist attraction Casino Le Lydia in Le Barcarès, France.
Queen Debsirindra of Siam, formerly Queen Ramphoei Phamaraphirom, born Princess Ramphoei Siriwong, was the second consort of King Mongkut, and mother of King Chulalongkorn.
Realitos is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Duval County, Texas, United States. The population was 184 at the 2010 census.
The 26th Brigade was an Australian Army infantry brigade of World War II. Formed in mid-1940, the brigade was assigned to the 7th Division initially, but later transferred to the 9th Division. It was primarily recruited from Victoria and South Australia. After training in Australia, in late 1940, the brigade deployed to the Middle East and subsequently took part in the Siege of Tobruk, defending the vital port town between April and October 1941. After being relieved, the brigade undertook garrison duties in Syria in the first half of 1942, before taking part in the First and Second Battles of El Alamein between July and November 1942. After returning to Australia in early 1943, the brigade fought against the Japanese in New Guinea in 1943 and 1944, including the capture of Lae and the Huon Peninsula campaign, and then took part in the fighting on Tarakan in 1945. It was disbanded in early 1946.
"Edwards v Canada (AG)—also known as the Persons Case—is a famous Canadian constitutional case that decided in 1928 that women were eligible to sit in the Senate of Canada. The legal case, put forward by the Government of Canada on the lobbying of a group of women known as the Famous Five, began as a reference case in the Supreme Court of Canada, which ruled that women were not ""qualified persons"" and thus ineligible to sit in the Senate. The case then went to the Judicial Committee of the Imperial Privy Council, at that time the court of last resort for Canada within the British Empire and Commonwealth. The Judicial Committee overturned the Supreme Court's decision.
Leda Maria Linhares Nagle is a Brazilian journalist, writer, actress and television presenter. She hosted the program Sem Censura at TV Brasil, for over 20 years.
Atanasije Stojkovi was a Serbian, Austrian and Russian writer, pedagogue, scholar, physicist, mathematician and astronomer of Serb origin. He is considered as the finder of the Russian meteoritics. Stojkovi was the president of Kharkiv University from 1807 to 1809 and from 1811 to 1813.
The geography of New Caledonia, an overseas collectivity of France located in the subregion of Melanesia, makes the continental island group unique in the southwest Pacific. Among other things, the island chain has played a role in preserving unique biological lineages from the Mesozoic. It served as a waystation in the expansion of the predecessors of the Polynesians, the Lapita culture. Under the Free French it was a vital naval base for Allied Forces during the War in the Pacific.
Les Neyrolles is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
In enzymology, a glutamate synthase (NADPH) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
The Shire of Moyne is a local government area in the Barwon South West region of Victoria, Australia, located in the south-western part of the state. It covers an area of 5,481 square kilometres and in June 2018 had a population of 16,887. It includes the towns of Port Fairy, Koroit, Mortlake, Macarthur, Peterborough, Caramut, Ellerslie, Framlingham, Garvoc, Hawkesdale, Kirkstall, Panmure, Mailors Flat, Purnim, Wangoom and Woolsthorpe. It also entirely surrounds the City of Warrnambool, a separate local government area. It was formed in 1994 from the amalgamation of the Shire of Belfast, Shire of Minhamite, Borough of Port Fairy, and parts of the Shire of Mortlake, Shire of Warrnambool, Shire of Dundas, Shire of Mount Rouse and Shire of Hampden.
Suur Tõll is an Estonian steam-powered icebreaker preserved in the Estonian Maritime Museum in Tallinn. She was originally built for the Russian Empire in 1914 by AG Vulcan in Stettin, Germany, as Tsar Mikhail Feodorovich. In 1917, she was taken over by the Bolsheviks and renamed Volynets. However, in 1918 she was captured by Finland and served as Wäinämöinen until 1922, when she was handed over to Estonia according to the Treaty of Tartu and renamed Suur Tõll. When Estonia was occupied by the Soviet Union in 1940, the icebreaker rejoined the Soviet fleet and was again named Volynets. She remained in service until 1985.
"Saint Margaret Ward, the ""pearl of Tyburn"", was an English Catholic martyr who was executed during the reign of Elizabeth I for assisting a priest to escape from prison. She was canonised in 1970, as one of the Forty Martyrs of England and Wales."
Gelang Patah is a suburb in Iskandar Puteri, Johor Bahru District, Johor, Malaysia. It was administered by ruling coalition, Barisan Nasional for over 5 decades until the 13th Malaysian General Elections.
"Ville-Marie is a town on Lake Temiscaming in western Quebec, Canada. It is the largest city and seat of the Témiscamingue Regional County Municipality. As one of the oldest towns in the Abitibi-Témiscamingue region, it is considered the cradle of north-western Quebec and nicknamed ""Pearl of Témiscamingue"".
Sarah Kemble Knight was a teacher and businesswoman, who is remembered for a brief diary of a journey from Boston, Massachusetts Bay Colony, to New York City, Province of New York, in 1704–1705, which provides us with one of the few first-hand-accounts of travel conditions in Connecticut during colonial times.
Stanford/ITS character set is an extended ASCII character set based on SEASCII with modifications allowing compatibility with 1968 ASCII.
Lazar's Canyon or Lazar's Gorge is located at about 10 kilometers from Bor. This is the deepest and longest canyon in eastern Serbia. Because of its steep rocky cliffs, the canyon has not yet been fully examined.
Nam Il was a Russian-born North Korean military officer and co-signer of the Korean Armistice Agreement.
Lucas Oil Raceway is an auto racing facility in Brownsburg, Indiana, United States, about 10 miles west of Downtown Indianapolis. It includes a 0.686-mile oval track, a 2.5-mile road course, and a 4,400-foot drag strip which is among the premier drag racing venues in the world.
Mohoua is a small genus of three bird species endemic to New Zealand. The scientific name is taken from mohua – the Mori name for the yellowhead. Their taxonomic placement has presented problems: They have typically been placed in the whistler family, Pachycephalidae, but in 2013 it was established that they are best placed in their own family, Mohouidae.
"17th Armored Engineer Battalion are part of the 2nd Armored Division ""Hell on Wheels"". During World War II, they were active in North African Campaign, and Western Europe Campaign. 17th Armored Engineer Battalion was founded on 1 October 1933 as part of the USS Army. First called 17th Engineer Battalion, Motorized. It was renamed on 10 July 1940 to 17th Engineer Battalion and assigned to the 2d Armored Division. The unit became active and started training 15 July 1940 at Fort Benning, Georgia. Renamed again on 8 January 1942 as the 17th Armored Engineer Battalion. The Battalion is now based at Fort Hood, Texas. Battalion motto is We pave the way. Task of the 17 include construction and demolition tasks under combat conditions, like constructing and breaching trenches, tank traps and other fortifications, bunker construction, bridge and road construction. Along with building destruction bridges and other physical work in the battlefield are needed. They also lay or clear land mines. The 17th facilitates the movement and support of friendly forces while slowing the enemy's forces."
Andrew Everingham is an Australian professional rugby footballer currently playing rugby union for the Fukuoka Sanix Blues in the Japanese Second Division Rugby. He previously played rugby league in the National Rugby League as a three-quarter back for the South Sydney Rabbitohs, and also played for the Philippines.
The Southside Festival is an annual music festival that takes place near Tuttlingen, Germany, usually every June. The festival as well as its artists and audiences are generally associated within the alternative part of popular music.
Women in the Dominican Republic have equal constitutional rights as men in the economic, political, cultural and social fields, as well as in the family. Their character has been defined by their history, culture, tradition and experience.
Dr. Anthony James Catanese is a university administrator, author, and a former President and CEO of the Florida Institute of Technology. Prior to his position at the Florida Institute of Technology, Catanese was President of Florida Atlantic University. Catanese previously served as President and Chairman of the President's council of the Sunshine State Conference.
"Michael Barry Donegan is an American singer, songwriter, writer, political activist, and political candidate best known as the lead singer of the rock band Look What I Did. He is also working on a side project with Evan Brewer of Animosity which is in the writing stage according to MTV Metal File. He is a candidate for City Council at Large in Nashville, Tennessee, for 2015, although the local Nashville elections are technically non-partisan. Donegan was elected and served as director at large of the Davidson County Republican Party from 2009-2011 and currently writes political columns for the website of the national chapter of the Republican Liberty Caucus. In 2008, he wrote an election-year political column called ""Dangerous Truth"" for the heavy metal music e-zine thegauntlet.com and was at one time a featured writer for the libertarian-themed online magazine, thefreedomrevolution.com."
Neam is a county of Romania, in the historic region of Moldavia, with the county seat at Piatra Neam.
Paddy the Wanderer was an Airedale Terrier who roamed the streets of Wellington, New Zealand, during the Great Depression. He was a friend of cabbies, workers, and seamen alike, who took turns at paying his dog licence every year. Paddy was known for greeting sailors in the Wellington Harbour and accompanying them, as a stowaway, on their coastal steamers.
"Lowell Gibbs ""Cotton"" Fitzsimmons was an American college and NBA basketball coach. A native of Bowling Green, Missouri, he attended and played basketball at Hannibal-LaGrange Junior College in Hannibal, Missouri and Midwestern State University in Wichita Falls, Texas. He coached the Phoenix Suns three times, was named the NBA Coach of the Year twice, and is often credited as the architect of the Suns' success of the late 1980s and early to middle 1990s. Fitzsimmons won 1,089 games in his coaching career: 223 games at the junior college level, 34 at the Division I college level and 832 in the NBA."
The Yoshigo Shell Midden is an archaeological site containing a Jmon period shell midden located in what is now part of the city of Tahara, Aichi on the Atsumi Peninsula in the Tkai region of Japan. The site was designated a National Historic Site of Japan in 1951.
Boll-Utzigen railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Vechigen, in the Swiss canton of Bern. It is an intermediate stop on the 1,000 mm gauge Worb Dorf–Worblaufen line of Regionalverkehr Bern-Solothurn.
Andréia Rosa de Andrade, known as Andréia Rosa, is a Brazilian football defender who plays for the Brazilian women's national team and the Norwegian Toppserien club Avaldsnes.
Jalrez is a district in the west of Maidan Shar, Maidan Wardak Province, Afghanistan. The main town lies at Jalrez, which is 62.9 kilometres southwest of the centre of Kabul via the main Kabul-Behsud Highway. The district is a major producer of potatoes.
Nuevocentro Shopping is a shopping mall of Montevideo, Uruguay. It is located in the neighborhood Jacinto Vera.
The Shire of Kent is a local government area in the Great Southern region of Western Australia, about 320 kilometres southeast of Perth, the state capital. The Shire covers an area of 5,634 square kilometres and its seat of government is the town of Nyabing. The area produces grains such as wheat, barley and legumes.
Sweden is home to one of the largest communities of the Mandaean ethnoreligious group, numbering around 8,000 people. By comparison, there are now only about 3,000 Mandaeans in Iraq, the homeland of the Mandaean people. Several thousand of Swedish Mandaeans were granted asylum status as refugees from persecution in Iraq and Syria.
Crescent Bridge is a 1,229-foot bridge over the Mohawk River and the Erie Canal. It is in Crescent, New York, a hamlet in the town of Halfmoon in southern Saratoga County on the northern side of the Mohawk River. The Crescent Bridge carries U.S Route 9 over the Mohawk River between the towns of Colonie in Albany County and Halfmoon.
Ray William Johnson is an American YouTuber known for his eponymous YouTube channel and his web series on that channel, Equals Three. As of March 2019, the channel had earned more than three billion views and 9.8 million subscribers, making it one of the most viewed channels on YouTube at the time. Johnson left the series in March 2014 but continued to produce it and other web series like Booze Lightyear, Comedians On, and Top 6, the first two of which were later cancelled.
Plegma caelatura is a species of minute, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Euconulidae. This species is endemic to Réunion.
A sexton is an officer of a church, congregation, or synagogue charged with the maintenance of its buildings and/or the surrounding graveyard. In smaller places of worship, this office is often combined with that of verger. In larger buildings, such as cathedrals, a team of sextons may be employed.
Laz is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
Toowoomba Trades Hall is a heritage-listed Trades Hall at 19A Russell Street, Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia. It was designed by Matthew Williamson and built by Kell & Rigby. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 29 October 2010.
Jessica Scorpio is a founder and Former Chief Marketing Officer at Getaround, a peer-to-peer carsharing company. Scorpio previously founded IDEAL, a not-for-profit network for entrepreneurs and young leaders.
The J. Bratton Davis United States Bankruptcy Courthouse is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the District of South Carolina, located in Columbia, South Carolina. It was originally constructed in 1936, under the supervision of architect Harold Tatum. The courthouse is named for J. Bratton Davis, a bankruptcy judge first appointed in 1978 who later became Chief Judge of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of South Carolina, and he served in that capacity until 2000.
The Tasmanian giant freshwater crayfish, also called Tasmanian giant freshwater lobster, is the largest freshwater invertebrate and the largest freshwater crayfish species in the world. The species is only found in the rivers below 400 metres above sea level in northern Tasmania, an island-state of Australia. It is listed as an endangered species on the IUCN Red List due to overfishing and habitat degradation, and it has been prohibited to catch the crayfish since 1998.
"Gillian ""Jill"" Slattery is a female retired British swimmer."
Mabel O. Wilson is an architect, designer, and scholar. She is also the founder of Studio & and professor at Columbia University in the Graduate School of Architecture, Planning, and Preservation.
Eduardo Le Monnier was a French architect recognized for his work in Brazil, Uruguay and mostly in Argentina.
Jocelyn Quivrin was a French actor. He had a supporting role in the critically acclaimed film Syriana.
Kuzakai Station is a railway station on the Yamada Line in the city of Miyako, Iwate, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
"Dunkeld and Birnam is a community council area and UK Census locality in Perth and Kinross, Scotland, consisting of two settlements on opposite banks of the River Tay: the historic cathedral ""city"" of Dunkeld on the north bank, and Birnam on the south bank. Today considered to be a single town, the two places lie close to the Highland Boundary Fault which marks the geological boundary between the Highlands and the Lowlands, and are frequently described as the ""Gateway to the Highlands"" due to their position on the main road and rail lines north. Dunkeld and Birnam share a railway station, Dunkeld & Birnam, on the Highland Main Line, and are about 25 kilometres north of Perth on what is now the A9 road."
Roger A. Krone is an aerospace engineer who is currently a chief executive officer of Leidos. Prior to joining Leidos, Krone worked for 30 years in the aerospace industry, where he held senior program management and finance positions at Boeing, McDonnell Douglas Corp. and General Dynamics. Krone is also licensed airplane pilot and a marathon runner.
Yellowstone Lake is the largest body of water in Yellowstone National Park. The lake is 7,732 feet above sea level and covers 136 square miles with 110 miles of shoreline. While the average depth of the lake is 139 ft, its greatest depth is at least 394 ft. Yellowstone Lake is the largest freshwater lake above 7,000 ft in North America.
LaFayette is the county seat of Chambers County, Alabama, United States, 47 miles northwest of Columbus, Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population of the city was 3,003.
Marrum is the third largest village in Noardeast-Fryslân municipality in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands. It had a population of around 1,462 in January 2017. Before 2019, the village was part of the Ferwerderadiel municipality.
Srijan Pal Singh is an Indian author, public speaker and social entrepreneur. He was born and raised in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh.
New Shepard is a vertical-takeoff, vertical-landing, human-rated suborbital rocket that is being developed by Blue Origin as a commercial system for suborbital space tourism.
Mesita is an unincorporated community in Costilla County, Colorado, United States. The U.S. Post Office at San Luis now serves Mesita postal addresses.
Manuel Pami is a Croatian footballer who plays as a left back for Croatian side NK Novigrad.
Artaxias II, also known as Artaxes II and Artashes was a Prince of the Kingdom of Armenia, member of the Artaxiad Dynasty and King of Armenia from 34 BC until 20 BC.
The Liberty Head double eagle or Coronet double eagle is an American twenty-dollar gold piece struck as a pattern coin in 1849, and for commerce from 1850 to 1907. It was designed by Mint of the United States Chief Engraver James B. Longacre.
Shumon Miura was a Japanese novelist.
Grafton is a village in Lorain County, Ohio, United States, along the East Branch of the Black River. The population was 6,636 at the 2010 census. The Lorain Correctional Institution and several other prisons are located in and near Grafton.
Folias Duo is an American performer/composer chamber music duo group consisting of flutist Carmen Maret and guitarist Andrew Bergeron. Bergeron and Maret met at Michigan State University while finishing their Master’s Degrees in Music and they were married in 2003. The formation of the duo was brought about by a mutual inspiration for original art music, love of nature and the music of Astor Piazzolla and through their work as Argentine tango dance band leaders.
Major General Michael John Hatley Walsh, CB, CBE, DSO, KStJ, DL was a senior British Army officer and the Chief Scout of the United Kingdom and Overseas Territories from 1982 to 1988.
Ilona Hoeksma is a Dutch professional racing cyclist, who last rode for UCI Women's Team Parkhotel Valkenburg.
The First Battle of Charleston Harbor was an engagement near Charleston, South Carolina that took place April 7, 1863, during the American Civil War. The striking force was a fleet of nine ironclad warships of the Union Navy, including seven monitors that were improved versions of the original USS Monitor. A Union Army contingent associated with the attack took no active part in the battle. The ships, under command of Rear Admiral Samuel Francis Du Pont, attacked the Confederate defenses near the entrance to Charleston Harbor. Navy Department officials in Washington hoped for a stunning success that would validate a new form of warfare, with armored warships mounting heavy guns reducing traditional forts.
Adam Hjalmar Egede-Nissen, was a Norwegian postmaster and politician, began his political career in the Liberal Party and was first elected to the Storting in 1900. He later switched to the Labour Party before eventually joining the Communist Party of Norway, serving as party chairman from 1934 to 1946.
Club Alianza Lima, popularly known as Alianza Lima or simply Alianza, is a Peruvian professional sports club based in La Victoria District of Lima, Peru. It is widely known for having one of the most historical and successful football teams of Peru; they have won a total of twenty-three league titles of the Peruvian Primera División and are currently the oldest team playing in this competition, since the club was founded in 1901. Alianza's home stadium is the Estadio Alejandro Villanueva, named after Alejandro Villanueva, one of the most important players the club had in their history. The stadium is also popularly known as Matute, name of the neighbourhood in which it is located. It is the most popular football team in Peru, having the highest number of fans and followers.
The Arrondissement of Antwerp is one of the three administrative arrondissements in the Province of Antwerp, Belgium. It is both an administrative and a judicial arrondissement. The territory of the Judicial Arrondissement of Antwerp coincides with that of the Administrative Arrondissement of Antwerp.
Chadwick Lee Bradford is an American former professional relief pitcher. He was well known for his extreme submarine-style pitching, and his success in Major League Baseball despite his unconventional delivery and the slow speed at which he threw the ball. This led to him figuring prominently in the Michael Lewis book Moneyball, which in 2011 was made into the film of the same title. Bradford is played by actor Casey Bond in the film.
Nicoma Park is a city in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma, United States, and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area. The name Nicoma was made of the first three letters of Nichols, for G.A.Nichols, and the last three letters of Oklahoma. Thus was the birth of the name Nicoma Park. The population was 2,393 at the 2010 census.
Hatfield is a borough in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 3,290 at the time of the 2010 census. It is part of the North Penn Valley region that is centered around the borough of Lansdale. The borough is surrounded by Hatfield Township.
Kurils Nature Reserve is a Russian 'zapovednik' covering the north and south portions of Kunashir Island, the largest and most southernmost of the Kuril Islands, which stretch between Hokkaido Island in Japan to the Kamchatka peninsula in the Russia Far East. It also covers two smaller islands nearby to the southeast. The area is one of the largest wintering sites for coastal seabirds. The reserve sits on a tectonically unstable location, and is one of two Russian national reserves that protects territory of active volcanoes. The reserve is situated in the Yuzhno-Kurilsky District of Sakhalin Oblast. The reserve was created in 1984, and covers an area of 65,364 ha.
A star system or stellar system is a small number of stars that orbit each other, bound by gravitational attraction. A large group of stars bound by gravitation is generally called a star cluster or galaxy, although, broadly speaking, they are also star systems. Star systems are not to be confused with planetary systems, which include planets and similar bodies.
Pirámides station is a Madrid Metro station in Madrid city centre. It was opened on 5 June 1968 and is one of the oldest stations on Line 5of the Madrid Metro. It gives access to the Vicente Calderón Stadium, home to the Atlético Madrid football club, and is located in fare Zone A. The station also offers interchange with Cercanías Madrid via Pirámides railway station.
Peptidase 1 (mite), also known as endopeptidase 1 (mite), is an enzyme found in various species of mites. This enzyme exhibits cysteine protease activity with broad endopeptidase specificity.
Chongqing is a city and a district in Central China.
Lee Marion Bartlett was an American javelin thrower. He competed at the 1928, 1932 and 1936 Olympics and placed 16th, 5th and 12th, respectively.
Acanthosaura phuketensis, the Phuket horned tree agamid, is a species of arboreal lizard native to Phuket Province, Thailand. It was discovered in 2015. It is now the 11th species in the genus Acanthosaura.
Poudre Lake is an alpine lake and a main source of Poudre River. It is located just a few feet East of the Continental Divide in Larimer County, Colorado.
Tiszaszentmárton is a village in Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg county, in the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary.
"The 7th Signal Regiment is a deployable signals regiment of the Italian Army based in Sacile in Friuli-Venezia Giulia. Today the regiment is administratively assigned to the army's Signal Command and affiliated with the Division ""Vittorio Veneto""."
Johann Elert Bode was a German astronomer known for his reformulation and popularisation of the Titius–Bode law. Bode determined the orbit of Uranus and suggested the planet's name.
Vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus, or vancomycin-resistant enterococci, are bacterial strains of the genus Enterococcus that are resistant to the antibiotic vancomycin.
USS Artemis (SP-593), later known as USS Arcturus was a yacht acquired by the United States Navy during World War I. Artemis was armed with guns and depth charges, and was sent to Europe as a patrol craft to protect Allied ships from German submarines and other dangers. Post-war she was returned to the United States and turned over to the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey. Later, back in civilian operation, she was burned and sank in 1927.
Çeme Museum is a general interest museum in Çeme ilçe of zmir Province, Turkey.
"Spacemen 3 were an English alternative rock band, formed in 1982 in Rugby, Warwickshire, by Peter Kember and Jason Pierce, known respectively under their pseudonyms Sonic Boom and J Spaceman. Their music is known for its brand of ""minimalistic psychedelia"".
The Folkestone Triennial is an arts festival held every three years in Folkestone, England. Site-specific artworks
Ralph Allen was an entrepreneur and philanthropist, and was notable for his reforms to the British postal system.
Chur Cathedral, otherwise the Cathedral of the Assumption of Mary, is the Catholic cathedral of the diocese of Chur in Switzerland. The episcopal palace of the bishop of Chur is beside the church. The cathedral claims the relics of St Lucius of Britain, said to have been martyred nearby in the late 2nd century. During the Swiss Reformation, the Catholic population of the city were confined to a ghetto enclosed around the bishop's court beside the cathedral. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Henrike Marie Bäumer is a German film and TV actress. She has appeared in more than forty films since 1993. She has a son with actor Nicki von Tempelhoff.
Qingdao Grand Theatre is an opera house in Laoshan District of Qingdao, Shandong province, People's Republic of China.
East River Plaza is a shopping mall located at FDR Drive near the Harlem River between 116th and 119th Street in East Harlem, New York City. Opened on November 12, 2009, this shopping mall has twelve stores with four anchor stores, which are Target, Costco, Burlington Coat Factory, and PetSmart. It has six levels and is attached to a parking garage.
Spinomantis brunae is a species of frogs in the family Mantellidae. It is endemic to Madagascar and known from the Anosy Mountains in southeastern Madagascar.
Flavy-le-Martel is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
6-inch siege gun model 1904 was a Russian 152.4 mm heavy siege gun. It was produced by Perm Works, with a total of about 200 pieces having been built.
Ciudad Vieja is the name of the oldest part of the city of Montevideo, capital city of Uruguay. Nowadays, Ciudad Vieja is a barrio of this city. In the last couple of years it has gone through a major transformation that has made it the main nightlife centre in town. It is in this area where most of the nightclubs are, and also it hosts the 'Mercado del Puerto' a traditional venue for Uruguayan food and beverages. The main port of Uruguay is located in Ciudad Vieja.
Lake Waitamoumou is a small dune-dammed lake a kilometre north of Raglan in the Waikato region of New Zealand.
Joaquín Pedraja Reyes is a Spanish classically trained ballet and flamenco dancer.
Friedland is a town in the Oder-Spree district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated in the historic Lower Lusatia region, about 8 km south of Beeskow, and 39 km north of Cottbus.
Marquette is a village in Green Lake County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 150 at the 2010 census. The village is located within the Town of Marquette. Marquette uses the postal code 53947.
Fabiola da Silva, nicknamed Fabby, is a Brazilian professional vert skater who competes on the LG Action Sports World Tour. She has received over fifty medals in the LG Action Sports World Tour events. She has received seven X Games gold medals and one silver, making her the most decorated female athlete in X Games history. In a seven-year stretch, she only lost one X Games event, finishing second in 1999.
Ernst Rufli was a Swiss rower who competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Tun Station is a railway station in Kamikawa, Hokkaid Prefecture, Japan. Its station number is A42.
Ellen Marie Elze Anthing Vogel was a Dutch film, stage and television actress.
S.T.F.A. Lee Shau Kee College is located in 303 Kwai Shing Circuit, Kwai Chung, N.T., Hong Kong. It is managed by Shun Tak Fraternal Association.
"In many European countries, there are various traditions surrounding the use of bread during the Easter holidays. Traditionally the practice of eating Easter bread or sweetened ""communion"" bread traces its origin back to Byzantium and the Orthodox Christian church. The recipe for sweetened or ""honey-leavened"" bread may date back as far as the Homeric Greek period based on anecdotal evidence from classical texts that mention this type of special food. It is also widely known that sweetened bread desserts similar to panettone were a Roman favorite."
Gaujac is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
No. 84 Wing is a Royal Australian Air Force transport wing. Coming under the control of Air Mobility Group, it is headquartered at RAAF Base Richmond, New South Wales. The wing comprises No. 35 Squadron, operating Aliena C-27J Spartan transport Aircraft; No. 37 Squadron, operating Lockheed Martin C-130J Super Hercules medium transports; and a technical training unit, No. 285 Squadron.
Saint-Nizier-sur-Arroux is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Helmut Körnig was a German sprinter who competed at the 1928 and 1932 Summer Olympics. He won an individual bronze medal in the 200 m in 1928 and two team medals in the 4 × 100 m relay at both Olympics.
The GE X-405 — U.S. Navy designation XLR50-GE-2 — was a pump-fed liquid-propellant rocket engine burning RP-1 and LOX in a gas generator cycle developed by General Electric. It was used to power the first stage of the Vanguard rockets on the Vanguard project. As was common to engines based on the V-2 experience, the turbine was driven by steam generated by catalytic decomposition of HO and the combustion chamber was regeneratively cooled. The engine was gimbaled to supply thrust vectoring. Also, the exhaust gases of the turbine were ducted to dual auxiliary nozzles that acted as verniers to enable roll control of the rocket.
W. H. Shipman House is a historic home used by William Herbert Shipman. It is located at 141 Kaiulani Street, named for Princess Kaiulani, the last crown princess of the Kingdom and Liliuokalani's niece.
The Upper Appomattox Canal Navigation system allowed farmers who took their wheat and corn to mills on the Appomattox River, as far way as Farmville, Virginia, to ship the flour all the way to Petersburg from 1745 to 1891. The system included a navigation, modifications on the Appomattox River, a Canal around the falls Petersburg, and a turning basin in Petersburg to turn their narrow long boats around, unload the farm products from upstream and load up with manufactured goods from Petersburg. In Petersburg, workers could put goods on ships bound for the Chesapeake Bay and load goods from far away for Farmville and plantations upstream. Canal boats would return up river with manufactured goods. People who could afford it, rode in boats on the canal as the fastest and most comfortable ride. The river was used for transportation and shipping goods for over 100 years.
Matthew 2:15 is the fifteenth verse of the second chapter of the Gospel of Matthew in the New Testament. Joseph has taken Jesus and his family to Egypt to flee the wrath of King Herod.
The Stadio Armando Picchi is a multi-purpose stadium in Livorno, Italy.
Saint-Julien-le-Vendômois is a commune in the Corrèze department in central France.
"Albert Henry Baskerville was a Wellington postal clerk, a rugby union forward, author of the book ""Modern Rugby Football: New Zealand Methods; Points for the Beginner, the Player, the Spectator"" and a pioneer of rugby league."
Tarrah Harvey is a retired Canadian ice dancer who competed with partner Keith Gagnon. They are the 2009 Canadian junior silver medalists 2011/2012 Senior National Team Members and Senior Grand Prix competitors. They began skating together in June 1998.
Avery County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2010 census, the population was 17,797. The county seat is Newland. The county seat was initially established in Elk Park when the county was first formed, but was moved to Newland upon completion of the courthouse in 1912. Founded in 1911, it is the youngest of North Carolina's 100 counties.
Pczelice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, witokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres east of Busko-Zdrój and 50 km south of the regional capital Kielce.
Qullikorsuit Island is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland. It is located in the northern part of Upernavik Archipelago.
Christina Marie Fallin is the daughter of former Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin. She is a lobbyist and a singer.
Gasketball is an action sports video game for the iPad by Mikengreg, an independent development team of Michael Boxleiter and Greg Wohlwend. Players flick basketballs through 2D physics puzzles into the hoop in single-player, local multiplayer, and asynchronous HORSE-style online multiplayer modes. The game is free-to-play with in-app purchases. Development began in mid 2011 following Mikengreg's successful Solipskier. They were able to live from the earnings for Gasketball's two year development at their previous salary, which afforded them the stability to try new avenues and reject prototypes, though they worked 100-hour weeks. Towards the end of their development, they ran out of money and lived on the couches of friends. It was released on August 9, 2012, and the game did not reach their desired conversion rate at the time of launch.
Dompierre-sous-Sanvignes is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
J.T. Barber School is a historic high school building for African-American students located at New Bern, Craven County, North Carolina. It was built in stages between 1951 and 1955, and is a one-story, flat roofed, concrete block school with brick veneer in the Modern style. The school consists of seven separate wings consisting of a cafeteria, a library, a gymnasium flanked on either side by classrooms, an auditorium and music room, and three additional classroom wings. Also on the property are contributing athletic fields. The school has also operated as a middle school and elementary school.
James Morrison Harris was a Representative from the third district of Maryland.
Hernan Berrato is an Argentine Paralympic athlete who competes in disability athletics in the T35 category. He won the gold medal for the 200 metres at the 2012 Paralympic Games for his category with a new World Record. Barreto has also competed at two World Championships winning double bronze at the Lyon Games in 2013.
The Church of Nossa Senhora do Guadalupe, is a Portuguese church in civil parish of Guadalupe, in the municipality of Santa Cruz da Graciosa, on the island of Graciosa in the archipelago of the Azores.
NOAAS Oscar Dyson (R 224) is an American fisheries and oceanographic research vessel in commission in the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration fleet since 2005.
Realtor.com is a real estate listings website operated by the News Corporation subsidiary Move, Inc. and based in Santa Clara, California. The site launched as the Realtor Information Network in 1995, serving as a closed network for members of the National Association of Realtors. It relaunched in 1996 as a public website displaying property listings. Since then, Realtor.com claims to have become the largest website in the United States for real estate listings, and in 2016 was valued at $2.5 billion by Morgan Stanley. The website's advertising campaigns have been recognized by Adweek and the Webby Awards.
The Waldau-Stadion, known as the Gazi-Stadion auf der Waldau for sponsorship purposes, is a multi-use stadium in the Degerloch district in Stuttgart, Germany. The stadium is situated approximately 200m southwest of the Fernsehturm Stuttgart and holds 11,410 spectators, which makes it the second biggest stadium in Stuttgart. It is home to the Stuttgarter Kickers, as of 2013 playing in the 3. Liga. The American Football team Stuttgart Scorpions uses the stadium in the German Football League and, since 2008, the VfB Stuttgart II, also playing in the 3. Liga, plays its home games here.
Altadena is an unincorporated census-designated place of Los Angeles County in the state of California, in the United States. 42,610 people were living in Altadena as of 2000. It is about fourteen miles from downtown Los Angeles. It was built as a suburb of Pasadena in 1887. However, although it was meant to be a suburb of Pasadena, it has so far refused to become part of Pasadena.
North Lancaster is a town in Grant County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 515 at the 2000 census.
The 787th Air Expeditionary Squadron is a provisional United States Air Force unit, assigned to United States Air Forces Europe. The squadron has been activated twice for contingency operations in Africa.
Karl Kristian Mikael Segerström is a Swedish actor and director.
Magnus Carlson is a Swedish singer, composer, songwriter, DJ, and record collector. After playing in various cover bands in the nineties he formed the indie group, Weeping Willows. Their 1997 debut album was an instant success and the band soon became a national household name.
Komba BAKH is a Russian musical and artistic group which has released 55 albums and created a number of murals. Its members met while attending Lyceum 34 in Kostroma, and formed the group in 2000. After an education in art and music, they began creating pastel murals and founded a record company in 2001.
Urška Poje is a Slovenian biathlete. She competed in the 2014/15 World Cup season, and represented Slovenia at the Biathlon World Championships 2015 in Kontiolahti.
Laura Nuño Gómez is a Spanish political scientist, researcher, and feminist activist. She is director of the Gender Studies Chair of the Institute of Public Law and the Gender Equality Observatory at King Juan Carlos University, as well as the creator of the first academic degree in Gender Studies in Spain, and of various postgraduate programs in this subject. She is the author of El mito del varón sustentador, as well as about 30 articles and books about her research. Since the enactment of the Law for Effective Equality of Women and Men, she has been one of the three expert members of the State Council for the Participation of Women.
"Irvington is a neighborhood in the Southwest District of Baltimore, located between Yale Heights neighborhood to the west and the Gwynns Falls neighborhood to the east. It was historically nicknamed ""Skulltown"" for its three large cemeteries: Loudon Park, Mount Olivet and New Cathedral.
Bassenheim is a municipality in the district Mayen-Koblenz, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is part of the Verbandsgemeinde Weißenthurm. It is situated 10 kilometres away from Koblenz. The city council consists of 20 people, 13 of them from the CDU and 7 from the SPD.
Quingey is a commune and former canton seat in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Jean-Pascal Fontaine is a French professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Ligue 2 side Le Havre AC.
Chenu is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France.
Belford is an unincorporated community and census-designated place located within Middletown Township, in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the CDP's population was 1,768.
Children of Destiny is a 1920 American silent film drama directed by George Irving and starring Edith Hallor and Emory Johnson.
Selena is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Ba municipality, South Baka District, Vojvodina province. The village had a population of 2,996 according to the 2011 census, with an overwhelming Slovak ethnic majority.
The Lorelei, also spelled Loreley in German, is a 132 m high, steep slate rock on the right bank of the River Rhine in the Rhine Gorge at Sankt Goarshausen in Germany. The Loreley Amphitheatre on top of the rock is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
"David Lloyd is an English former cricketer, now commentator, who played county cricket for Lancashire and Test and One Day International cricket for England. He also played semi-professional football for Accrington Stanley. He is known through the cricketing world as ""Bumble"" because of the ostensible similarity between his facial profile and those of the Bumblies, characters from Michael Bentine's children's television programmes.
Ku Kaeo District is a district in central Udon Thani Province, northeastern Thailand.
Dong Luang is a district of Mukdahan Province, northeastern Thailand.
David Andrew Patrick Whiteman is a Canadian musician and songwriter. Forming the Bourbon Tabernacle Choir in Toronto out of high school, he eventually left the band in 1993 after eight years. Whiteman went on to record Fear of Zen in 1995 with the band Que Vida! Whiteman fronts the band Apostle of Hustle with bassist Julian Brown and drummer Dean Stone.
The Torne, also known as the Tornio, is a river in northern Sweden and Finland. For approximately half of its length it defines the border between these two countries. It rises at Lake Torne near the border with Norway and flows generally southeast for a distance of 522 kilometres into the Gulf of Bothnia. It is the largest river in Norrbotten both by length and by watershed area.
Sir Harry Gilbert Barling, 1st Baronet CB CBE FRCS was an English surgeon.
Egyptian National Police or ENP is a department of the Ministry of Interior of Egypt.
Woodward's eagle is an extinct species of eagle that lived in North America and the Caribbean during the Late Pleistocene. It is one of the largest birds of prey ever found, with an estimated total length 95.6 to 102.2 cm, as quite as large as the Harpy eagle. Haast's eagle reached bigger lengths but appears to have been both somewhat more robust than Woodward's, as Haast's was a forest-dwelling species. Woodward's eagle appears to have hunted in open habitats, taking primarily small mammals and reptiles.
The Mech is an ethnic group belonging to Bodo-Kachari group of peoples. The first mention is found from the 13th century, where they are mentioned along with the Koch and Tharu. It is one of the scheduled tribes of India, listed both in West Bengal and Assam, India.
Thomas Sergeant Perry was an American editor, academic, literary critic, literary translator, and literary historian. He was a lifelong friend and associate of Henry James and a member of the faculty at Harvard University.
"The United Nations Integrated Mission in East Timor is a peacekeeping operation that was created in August 25, 2006 by UN Security Council Resolution 1704. Its objectives are ""to support the Government in consolidating stability, enhancing a culture of democratic governance, and facilitating political dialogue among Timorese stakeholders, in their efforts to bring about a process of national reconciliation and to foster social cohesion"". The operation ended on December 31, 2012."
The Sun Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to the solar deity Surya located at Modhera village of Mehsana district, Gujarat, India. It is situated on the bank of the river Pushpavati. It was built after 1026-27 CE during the reign of Bhima I of the Chaulukya dynasty. No worship is offered now and is protected monument maintained by Archaeological Survey of India. The temple complex has three components: Gudhamandapa, the shrine hall; Sabhamandapa, the assembly hall and Kunda, the reservoir. The halls have intricately carved exterior and pillars. The reservoir has steps to reach the bottom and numerous small shrines.
"Matthew ""Mat"" Taylor, better known by his stage name Techmoan, is a YouTuber and blogger active since May 2009, featuring consumer tech reviews and ""RetroTech"" documentaries.
Chingford is a railway station located in Chingford in the London Borough of Waltham Forest, east London, operated by London Overground since 31 May 2015. It is one of three northern termini of the Lea Valley lines, 10 miles 33 chains down the line from London Liverpool Street.
Cape Breton Regional Hospital is a Canadian hospital in Sydney, Nova Scotia.
Montaut is a commune in the Ariège department in southwestern France.
James Robert Dell is a Canadian soccer player who currently plays for Chattanooga Red Wolves in the USL League One.
The W. H. Watt Building, located at 120 N. Main St. in Hailey, Idaho, is a historic building that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
This is the discography of American rock band Daughtry. The band was created following the participation of singer Chris Daughtry in the fifth season of American Idol and has so far released five studio albums and an EP.
Mazerolles is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France. The locally-famous pastry pastis d'Amélie is produced here, at the Larquier bakery.
San Luis de Palenque is a town and municipality in the Department of Casanare, Colombia. The town is on a bend of the Pauto River, a tributary of the Meta River.
"Kampfgeschwader 26 ""Löwengeschwader"" was a German air force Luftwaffe bomber wing unit during World War II.
Francis Charles Polsfoot was an American football player and coach. He played professionally as an end in the National Football League with the Chicago Cardinals from 1950 to 1952 and the Washington Redskins in 1953. Polsfoot played college football at Washington State University and was drafted in the third round of the 1950 NFL Draft. He caught 57 passes in the 1951 season for the Chicago Cardinals and was selected to the Pro Bowl.
Zaborów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres east of Leszno, 10 km north-west of Oarów Mazowiecki, and 23 km west of Warsaw.
Joel Selanikio is an American physician. He is an attending pediatrician and assistant professor of pediatrics at Georgetown University Hospital
Haresfield Beacon is a 0.73-hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1985. The site is listed in the ‘Stroud District’ Local Plan, adopted November 2005, Appendix 6 as an SSSI and a Regionally Important Geological Site.
White Rabbits is an American six-piece indie rock band based in Brooklyn, New York, originally from Columbia, Missouri. The band released its debut studio album, Fort Nightly, on May 22, 2007. Their second album, It's Frightening, was released on May 19, 2009. They released their third album, Milk Famous, on March 6, 2012. The band is signed to TBD Records.
Hodge Beck is a stream that flows through the North York Moors national park in North Yorkshire, England. It is a tributary of the River Dove which it joins near Welburn south of Kirkbymoorside. The beck is 14 miles long and has a total catchment area of 58 square kilometres.
Justin Anthony Keenan is an American professional basketball player for Gunma Crane Thunders in Japan. He plays at the power forward and center positions.
Frenchtown Township is one of twenty-four townships in Antelope County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 159 at the 2010 census.
Dame Janne Haaland Matláry is a Norwegian political scientist, writer, and politician, who formerly represented the Christian Democratic Party. Since 2012 she has been a member of the Conservative Party. She is Professor of international politics at the University of Oslo, and served as State Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs 1997–2000.
Pudliszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krobia, within Gosty County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres south-west of Krobia, 14 km south-west of Gosty, and 71 km south of the regional capital Pozna.
Dirk van Hoogstraten was a Dutch Golden Age painter, and father of Samuel Dirksz van Hoogstraten.
The women's individual time trial was one of eighteen cycling events of the 2016 Olympic Games. The event started and finished on 10 August at Pontal, a small peninsula and beach area in the Recreio dos Bandeirantes neighborhood, located in the West Zone of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The race start and finish were part of the Barra venues cluster and one of seven temporary venues of the 2016 Summer Olympics.
"Christine Michelle ""Chrissy"" Metz is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her role as Kate Pearson in the television series This Is Us, which earned her nominations for a Primetime Emmy Award and two Golden Globe Awards. She has also appeared in films such as Sierra Burgess Is a Loser and Breakthrough."
Woodward Township is a township in Clinton County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 2,372 at the 2010 census.
Saint-Agnant-près-Crocq is a commune in the Creuse department in central France.
South Homer Township is a township in Champaign County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,601 and it contained 681 housing units.
The Almon W. and Dr. Mary E. Spaulding Ranch is a 20 acres farmstead, originally an 80 acres homestead, in Boise, Idaho. The site is named for the Spauldings, who moved from Los Angeles to Boise in 1890 and applied for a homestead in 1893. The Spauldings occupied the site in 1896, constructing the main house in 1905 and the barn in 1910. After Dr. Spaulding's death in 1919, Almon Spaulding continued to reside on the property until 1924.
Nikaho is a city located in Akita Prefecture, Japan. As of 31 December 2019, the city had an estimated population of 24,291 in 9,371 households, and a population density of 100 persons per km². The total area of the city is 241.13 square kilometres.
Ravenna is a village in Muskegon County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1,219 at the 2010 census. The village is located in Ravenna Township.
The Class 377 Electrostars are electric multiple units built by Bombardier Transportation at their Derby Works, from 2001-present. The Electrostar family, which also includes Classes 357, 375 and 376, is the most numerous type of EMU built in the post-privatisation period of Britain's railways.
Center Township is a township in Clark County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 1,097.
Sotira is a village located partly in the Limassol District of Cyprus, and partly in the British Overseas Territory of Akrotiri and Dhekelia, west of Limassol, near Episkopi.
Alan John Scarfe is a British-Canadian actor, stage director and author. He is a former Associate Director of the Stratford Festival and the Everyman Theatre in Liverpool. He won the 1985 Genie Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role for his role in The Bay Boy and earned two other Genie best actor nominations for Deserters and Overnight and a Gemini Award nomination for best actor in aka Albert Walker. He won a Jessie Award for best actor in 2005 for his performance in Trying at the Vancouver Playhouse. In 2006 he won the Jury Prize for best supporting actor at the Austin Fantastic Fest in The Hamster Cage and the Vancouver Film Critics Circle honorary award for lifetime achievement.
Second Baptist Church of Dover is a historic Baptist church in Dover Plains in Dutchess County, New York. It was originally conceived and erected in the 1830s. It is a heavy timber frame structure on a foundation formed of dressed ashlar marble. Renovations occurred in 1868 and 1887. It has a gable roof and features a three-stage bell tower with steeple and crowning weather vane.
Hezhou is a prefecture-level city in the northeast of the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.
Miguel Poiares Maduro is a Portuguese academic and politician. He was the Portuguese Minister for Regional Development from April 2013 to October 2015. Formerly, he was Director of the Global Governance Program and professor of law at the European University Institute in Florence, Italy. Poiares Maduro was also visiting professor at the Faculty of Law at Yale University in the United States of America.
"Richard Edward ""Rick"" Hunolt is an American heavy metal guitarist.
Linluo railway station is a railway station located in Linluo Township, Pingtung County, Taiwan. It is located on the Pingtung line and is operated by Taiwan Railways.
Zújar is a municipality located in the province of Granada, Spain. According to the 2005 census, the city has a population of 2746 inhabitants.
USS Dahlia (1862) was a paddle-wheel tugboat acquired by the Union Navy during the beginning of the American Civil War. Dahlia was assigned to the Mississippi River area to provide tug and other services to Union ships requiring assistance.
Peyrecave is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Lovis Corinth was a German artist and writer whose mature work as a painter and printmaker realized a synthesis of impressionism and expressionism.
Der Bergdoktor is a German-Austrian medical drama television series, broadcast in 96 episodes between 1992 and 1997.
Luna Leederville is a cinema complex located at the corner of Oxford and Vincent Streets in Leederville, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia.
East Grove Township is one of twenty-two townships in Lee County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 256 and it contained 115 housing units.
The Dallas County Courthouse, built in 1892 of red sandstone with rusticated marble accents, is a historic governmental building located at 100 South Houston Street in Dallas, Texas. Also known as the Old Red Courthouse, it became the Old Red Museum, a local history museum, in 2007. It was designed in the Richardsonian Romanesque style of architecture by architect Max A. Orlopp, Jr. of the Little Rock, Arkansas based firm Orlopp & Kusener. In 1966 it was replaced by a newer courthouse building nearby. On December 12, 1976, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. In 2005–2007 the building was renovated.
Nicole Hassler was a French figure skater. She was the 1963 World bronze medalist, the 1963 European silver medalist and the 1964-1966 European bronze medalist. She represented France at the 1960 Winter Olympics, where she placed 11th and at the 1964 Winter Olympics, where she placed 4th.
Dexamethasone isonicotinate is an anti-inflammatory, anti-allergic glucocorticoid that can be administered orally, by inhalation, locally, and parenterally. It may cause salt and water retention.
The Walther Model 9 was a striker fired semi-automatic pistol produced by Walther arms and chambered in .25 ACP. The decision to use a striker vs. that of an internal hammer like on the Walther Model 8 was to reduce overall size of the gun, but sacrificed reliability. If the striker spring is compressed for extended periods of time it can weaken and not have enough force to ignite the primer causing a miss-fire. This can be avoided by not keeping the pistol cocked when not in use. It has a 6 round detachable box magazine. The Model 9 is similar in size and function to the Baby Browning pistol which is only slightly larger. The Browning is also chambered in the .25 ACP cartridge.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Rosa de Lima is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Guatemala.
The Juguang Tower is a tower in Jincheng Township, Kinmen County, Fujian Province, Republic of China.
The W. A. Young and Sons Foundry and Machine Shop is a historic industrial facility at 116 Water Street in Rices Landing, Pennsylvania. Founded in 1900 and operating until 1965, it is one of the best-preserved examples of an early 20th-century small industrial machine shop in the nation. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 2016.
Adam Jonathan Dutkiewicz is an American musician, recording engineer, songwriter, and music producer, best known as the lead guitarist and backup vocalist from Massachusetts metalcore bands Killswitch Engage, Aftershock, and Times of Grace.
The Lordstown Complex was a General Motors automobile factory in Lordstown, Ohio from 1966 to 2019, comprising three facilities: Vehicle Assembly, Metal Center, and Paint Shop. Lordstown is near Youngstown
Alfred Berger was an Austrian pair skater. With his skating partner, Helene Engelmann, he became the 1924 Olympic champion and a two-time world champion.
Obi Igbokwe is an American athlete. He competed in the mixed 4 × 400 metres relay event at the 2019 World Athletics Championships, winning the gold medal. Earlier in the season, running for the University of Houston he ran the second leg on what is recognized as the world record in the 4 × 400 meters relay, the team running a time of 3:01.51.
"Andrew Michael French is an English born abstract sculptor. A one-time pupil of Peter Hide, French is best known for upright, large-scale welded sculptures made of brightly painted steel. With sculptors Mark Bellows, Bianca Khan, Rob Willms, and Ryan McCourt, Andrew French is identified as part of the ""Next Generation"" of Edmonton Sculpture.
Countess Emilia Antwerpiana of Nassau was the sixth and youngest daughter of William the Silent and his third wife, Charlotte of Bourbon.
Austin Albert Mardon, CM Ph.D. is an author, community leader, and advocate for the disabled. He is an assistant adjunct professor at the John Dossetor Health Ethics Centre at the University of Alberta. In the mid 80's, he founded and today still directs the Antarctic Institute of Canada, a non-profit entity based in Edmonton, Alberta. He is currently married to lawyer and activist Catherine Mardon, and has co-written several books with her.
Solenostomataceae is a family of liverworts in order Jungermanniales.
Dumortierite is a fibrous variably colored aluminium boro-silicate mineral, AlBO(SiO)O. Dumortierite crystallizes in the orthorhombic system typically forming fibrous aggregates of slender prismatic crystals. The crystals are vitreous and vary in color from brown, blue, and green to more rare violet and pink. Substitution of iron and other tri-valent elements for aluminium result in the color variations. It has a Mohs hardness of 7 and a specific gravity of 3.3 to 3.4. Crystals show pleochroism from red to blue to violet. Dumortierite quartz is blue colored quartz containing abundant dumortierite inclusions.
Rollin Township is a civil township of Lenawee County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 3,176 at the 2000 census.
Couzeix is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
"The Tian Shan montane conifer forests ecoregion covers the ""forest belt"" of the Tian Shan mountains - generally the north-facing slopes that get enough moisture, and are warm enough, for trees to grow. This conifer belt is found mostly between 1,500 and 2,700 meters."
Pleasant Township is one of six townships in Switzerland County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,521 and it contained 610 housing units.
The Kronsee is a lake in the Holstein Switzerland region of North Germany.
The Battle of Marcellae took place in 792 at Marcellae, near the modern town of Karnobat in south eastern Bulgaria, the same site as an earlier battle in 756. The battle was between the forces of the Byzantine Empire, led by Constantine VI, and those of Bulgaria under Kardam. The Byzantines were routed and forced to retreat to Constantinople.
Belkin International, Inc., is an American manufacturer of consumer electronics that specializes in connectivity devices. Headquartered in Playa Vista, Los Angeles, California, it sells various consumer and commercial product lines, including routers, iPod and iPhone accessories, mobile computing accessories, surge protectors, network switches, hubs, cables, KVM switches, racks and enclosures, and other peripherals. Belkin International is the parent company for Belkin, Linksys and Wemo branded products and services, as well as the smart home water management company, Phyn.
Edward Timothy Razzall, Baron Razzall, CBE is a British Liberal Democrat politician and parliamentarian.
Toboyne Township is a township in Perry County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 443 at the 2010 census. Big Spring State Forest Picnic Area is on the western end of Toboyne Township near Conococheague Mountain. Fowlers Hollow State Park is also in the township. It is named after Taughboyne, County Donegal, Ireland.
Ershui Station is a railway station of the Taiwan Railways Administration West Coast line located in Ershui Township, Changhua County, Taiwan. It is also the western terminus of the Jiji line.
A Very Gaga Thanksgiving is a Thanksgiving television special that originally aired on November 24, 2011, in the United States on the ABC network. Conceived and directed by Lady Gaga, it discusses her personal life and the inspiration behind her music. A 30-second preview of the special premiered on November 20, 2011 on Lady Gaga's YouTube channel. Principal photography took place at the Convent of the Sacred Heart in New York City.
Formosa International Airport, also known as El Pucú Airport, is an international airport serving Formosa, a city on the Paraguay River, which is locally the border between Argentina and Paraguay. The airport is operated by Aeropuertos Argentina 2000.
"Panteones is a station serving Line 2 of the Mexico City Metro. It is located in the Colonia Argentina district of the Miguel Hidalgo borough of the Mexican Federal District. Panteón means ""cemetery"" in Spanish; the station's name and logo come from the nearby graveyards. The station was opened as part of a westward extension of Line 2 on 22 August 1984.
"Sruwaddacon Bay is a tidal estuary which runs through the middle of the Gaeltacht Kilcommon parish in Erris, County Mayo, Ireland. It is of historical importance in Irish legend, an important marine habitat, an E.U. Special Area of Conservation and an EU Special Protected Area. Its translated name in English, ""Stream of the Long Hound"", reflects its general shape. It enters the Atlantic Ocean through Broadhaven Bay, another Special Area of Conservation.
Michael Vincent Budenholzer is an American professional basketball coach who is the head coach of the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association. Before joining the Bucks, Budenholzer spent five seasons as head coach of the Atlanta Hawks and 17 seasons with the San Antonio Spurs, serving as an alternate video coordinator for the first two seasons and then as an assistant coach behind head coach Gregg Popovich.
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is a province in northwest Pakistan. The capital is Peshawar and it has a population of 14 million people and an area of 28,773 mi² or. The province was created in 1901 during British rule when it was separated from a Punjab province of the British India Empire. A referendum was held in the North West Frontier Province on 2 July 1947. The majority of voters wanted to join with Pakistan, with only a very small number voting to join with India. The province became a part of Pakistan, because of this referendum.
Leersum is a town in the Dutch province of Utrecht. It is a part of the municipality of Utrechtse Heuvelrug, and lies about 7 km east of Doorn and 9 km west of Veenendaal.
Taish Tamai is a professional Japanese baseball player. He plays pitcher for the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters.
Megasport Sport Palace, is a multi-purpose indoor arena that is located in Moscow, Russia. The arena is situated in the Khodynka Field. The arena has a maximum seating capacity of 13,926 people. The arena is primarily used to host basketball and ice hockey games.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 449, adopted on 30 May 1979, considered a report by the Secretary-General regarding the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force. The Council noted its efforts to establish a durable and just peace in the Middle East but also expressed its concern over the prevailing state of tension in the area.
Urijah Christopher Faber is an American mixed martial artist and actor who is signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He competes as a bantamweight and formerly competed as a featherweight.
Wenchi is a town and is the capital of Wenchi Municipal of the Bono Region in middle-belt of Ghana. Wenchi is located at 7.73333 [latitude in decimal degrees], -2.1 [longitude in decimal degrees] at an average elevation/altitude of 304 meters. Wenchi is approximately 30 km north of Techiman and about 50 km east of the Ivory Coast border. Wenchi has a population of 39,187 people in 2013.
Vilniansk is a city in Zaporizhia Oblast, Ukraine and the administrative center of Vilniansk Raion. Population: 15,682.
Kasumigaoka Station is a funicular station in Ikoma, Nara Prefecture, Japan.
Mads Tolling is a Danish-American violinist, violist, composer and two-time Grammy Award-Winner.
On 17 July 2016, a group of armed men calling themselves the Daredevils of Sasun stormed a police station in Yerevan, Armenia, and took nine hostages. They demanded the release of opposition leader Jirair Sefilian, and the resignation of President Serzh Sargsyan. The group began a standoff with government forces, with growing crowds of protesters joining the calls for the resignation of the president. In a 2017 survey the 38% of respondents supported Sasna Tsrer's actions, while 16% condemned.
Jefferson Township is one of the sixteen townships of Crawford County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census there were 1,576 people living in the township, 1,515 of whom were in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Talco is a town in Titus County, Texas, United States. The population was 516 at the 2010 census. The name is derived from a local candy bar. Also reports said it may have been a local company name Texas-Arkansas-Louisian Company. There are varying reports to what it was actually.
Laßnitzthal is a former municipality in the district of Weiz in the Austrian state of Styria. Since the 2015 Styria municipal structural reform, it is part of the municipality Gleisdorf.
The Military Security Shield Forces, also called the Military Intelligence Shield Force or simply Military Shield, is a pro-government militia involved in the Syrian Civil War that is affiliated with the Military Intelligence Directorate.
The New Bong Escape Hydropower Project is a privately owned 84 MW run-of-the-river project located on Jhelum River 7.5 km downstream of the 1,000 MW Mangla Dam, a major multi-purpose water storage project commissioned. It is about 120 km from Islamabad, the capital city of Pakistan.
Nürnberger Strasse station is located at the 2.7 kilometre point of the Rems Railway in the German state of Baden-Württemberg and is a station on the Stuttgart S-Bahn network.
Prairieburg is a city in Linn County, Iowa, United States. The population was 178 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Cedar Rapids Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Merdø is an island in Arendal municipality in Agder county, Norway. The 0.3-square-kilometre island lies along the Skagerrak coast, near the entrance to the Galtesundet, the main shipping channel leading to the town of Arendal on the mainland. The islands of Tromøy and Hisøya lie to the north and northwest. The small islands of Ærøya and Havsøya lie to the southwest. A part of the island is included in Raet National Park.
Scottish people are people native to Scotland or one who is descended from a native of Scotland. They almost all speak English, but some of those living in the Highlands and the islands may speak Gaelic, a Scottish Celtic language.
Green Township is one of 13 townships in Grant County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 500 and it contained 225 housing units.
Saseong Hermitage, Saseongam, is located in Gurye County on Mount Osan, a foothill of Jirisan in the province of Jeollanam-do, South Korea.
Juan Diego Covarrubias is a Mexican actor.
"Bill Wyman's Rhythm Kings is an English blues-rock band founded and led by former Rolling Stones bass guitarist Bill Wyman. Other personnel have varied depending on availability, an arrangement described in The Telegraph as a ""a fluctuating squad of veterans"". Their concerts and albums tend to emphasize cover songs of blues, R&B and early rock and roll hits from the 1950s. Wyman formed the Rhythm Kings after leaving the Rolling Stones in 1993 subsequent to the extended world-wide tour to support Steel Wheels, citing a desire to work in smaller clubs and avoid the pressure of being in one of the most successful rock bands in the world.
Kansai Paint Co., Ltd. is a Japanese, Osaka-based chemical company whose main products are automotive, industrial and decorative coatings.
Metro Tasmania, commonly called Metro, a Tasmanian Government business enterprise, is the largest bus operator in the state of Tasmania, Australia, with operations in three of the four largest urban centres of Hobart, Launceston, and Burnie. Urban services in Devonport are provided by a private operator, Merseylink Coaches, although Metro does operate a route via Devonport which links the Mersey Community Hospital in Latrobe with the North-West Regional Hospital in Burnie. Services are provided by Metro under a range of urban and non-urban contracts with the Transport Commission, a division within the Department of State Growth.
"Wilfred Lau Ho-Lung is a Hong Kong singer and actor. He is also known as """" in the entertainment industry because he was the winner of the 16th annual New Talent Singing Awards International Finals in 1997, despite not being never actually becoming a singer until 2004. Many have made comparisons to his voice to the voice of Eason Chan.
The Daryl Roth Theatre is an off-Broadway performance space at 101 East 15th Street, at the northeast corner of the intersection with Union Square East, near Union Square, Manhattan, New York City. The theater, opened in 1998, is housed in the four-story Union Square Savings Bank building, which was designed by Henry Bacon and built in 1905–1907. The original structure, a New York City landmark, houses a theater that can accommodate 300 seated or 499 standing patrons. The DR2 Theatre, located in an annex at 103 East 15th Street, seats 99.
Muscle atrophy is the loss of skeletal muscle mass that can be caused by immobility, aging, malnutrition, medications, or a wide range of injuries or diseases that impact the musculoskeletal or nervous system. Muscle atrophy leads to muscle weakness and causes disability.
The remains of the old castle of Montfode or Monfode lie to the north-west of the town of Ardrossan and 1.5 miles south-west of West Kilbride in North Ayrshire, Scotland, above the Montfode Braes, in the old Barony of Kilbride. The remains of the 16th century tower are protected as a scheduled monument. The castle ruins are clearly visible from the A78 Ardrossan bypass.
The Neto is a river in Calabria, southern Italy. It is the second largest river of Calabria after the Crati.
Maud Junction railway station was a railway station in Maud, Aberdeenshire, Scotland, now housing the Maud Railway Museum. It served as junction where the line north from Aberdeen split into two routes to the coastal town stations of Peterhead and Fraserburgh, both of which are now closed.
3-Methoxy-4-hydroxyhippuric acid is one of the main catechins metabolites found in humans after consumption of green tea infusions.
"The Tomorrow Show is an American late-night television talk show hosted by Tom Snyder. The show aired on NBC from 1973 to 1982 and featured many prominent guests, including John Lennon, Paul McCartney, ""Weird Al"" Yankovic, Ayn Rand, Jerry Garcia, the Grateful Dead, Public Image Ltd, Ken Kesey, Charles Manson, The Clash, KISS, Ramones, and U2. Los Angeles news anchor Kelly Lange, a colleague of Snyder, was the regular substitute guest host."
The diplomatic post of United States Ambassador to the Czech Republic was created after the dissolution of Czechoslovakia and the United States recognizing the new nation of the Czech Republic on January 1, 1993.
Portofino is an Italian fishing village and holiday resort famous for its picturesque harbour and historical association with celebrity and artistic visitors. It is a comune located in the Metropolitan City of Genoa on the Italian Riviera. The town is clustered around its small harbour, and is known for the colourfully painted buildings that line the shore.
Stoycho Dimitrov Mladenov is a Bulgarian former football player who is currently manager of FC Kaisar.
Ticao Pass is the strait that separates Ticao Island from the Bicol Peninsula in the Philippines. It connects the Burias Pass in the north with the Samar Sea in the south.
Plotosus canius is a species of eeltail catfish, in the genus Plotosus, native to the Indian Ocean, the western Pacific Ocean and New Guinea.
Men Above the Law is a tragedy in five acts by Alexey Pisemsky first published in the No.2, February 1867 issue of Vsemirny Trud magazine.
The Mercury Grand Marquis is an automobile that was sold by the Mercury division of Ford Motor Company from 1975 to 2011. From 1975 to 1982, it was the premium model of the Mercury Marquis line of full-size sedans, becoming a standalone model line in 1983. For 2003 and 2004, it was sold alongside the revival of the Mercury Marauder.
Jean Vauquelin was a French naval officer.
GCHQ Bude, also known as GCHQ Composite Signals Organisation Station Morwenstow, abbreviated to GCHQ CSO Morwenstow, is a UK Government satellite ground station and eavesdropping centre located on the north Cornwall coast at Cleave Camp, between the small villages of Morwenstow and Coombe. It is operated by the British signals intelligence service, officially known as the Government Communications Headquarters, commonly abbreviated GCHQ. It is located on part of the site of the former World War II airfield, RAF Cleave.
Alexander Hamilton, 10th Duke of Hamilton, 7th Duke of Brandon KG PC FRS FSA was a Scottish politician and art collector.
Solheim Church is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Masfjorden Municipality in Vestland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Solheim, along the shore of the Masfjorden. It is the church for the Masfjorden parish which is part of the Nordhordland prosti in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white, wooden church was built in a long church style in 1882 using designs by the architect Ole Syslak. The church seats about 200 people and it serves the eastern part of the municipality. The church was consecrated on 24 March 1882 by the Bishop Waldemar Hvoslef.
"Lorenzo ""Ka Tanny"" Martinez Tañada Sr., CCLH, was a Filipino nationalist lawyer, senator, and human and civil rights activist best known for his staunch opposition to martial law under Ferdinand Marcos and to the continued presence of US military bases in the Philippines. Serving in the Philippine Senate for 24 years beginning in 1947 until 1971, he is the longest-serving senator in Philippine history and is referred to as the ""Grand Old Man of Philippine Politics.""
Saint-Loup-de-Buffigny is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
Nicolas Iljine is a German, French and Russian author, editor, curator, art consultant and best known as the advisor to the General Director of the State Hermitage Museum. Among his publications are the 2003 book Odessa Memories, and he co-authored and edited Memories of Baku in 2013. Many of his books and exhibitions have involved the Russian and Western art of the 1920s-2010s, including the Soviet sale of Hermitage paintings. In 2006, Iljine was awarded the Russian Order of Friendship.
Tahuptiki Wiremu Rtana was the founder of the Rtana religion in the early 20th century in New Zealand. He rose to prominence as a faith healer.
The oak titmouse is a passerine bird in the tit family Paridae. The American Ornithologists' Union split the plain titmouse into the oak titmouse and the juniper titmouse in 1996, due to distinct differences in song, preferred habitat, and genetic makeup.
A Daughter of Two Worlds is a surviving 1920 silent film adventure drama directed by James Young and starring Norma Talmadge, Jack Crosby, and Virginia Lee.
Long Binh Post is a former U.S. Army base located in Long Bình ward between Biên Hòa and Saigon, Vietnam.
High Barnet is a London Underground station, and former railway station, located in Chipping Barnet in North London. The station is the terminus of the High Barnet branch of the Northern line and is in Travelcard Zone 5. It is the northernmost station on the Northern line and is situated 10.2 miles north north-west of Charing Cross. The next station south is Totteridge & Whetstone.
The Commonwealth Building, originally known as the Commonwealth Trust Bank, is a 300 feet tall skyscraper in Pittsburgh. It was completed in 1906 and has 21 floors. It is tied with The Carlyle and Washington Plaza for 26th tallest building in the city.
Dimitar Obshti was a 19th-century Bulgarian revolutionary, who fought for the liberation of Bulgaria, Serbia and Crete from the Ottoman Empire, as well as for the Risorgimento of Italy.
Magnetic Springs is a village in Leesburg Township, Union County, Ohio, United States. The population was 268 at the 2010 census. The village supports a post office that has the ZIP Code of 43036.
"Kelly Macdonald is a Scottish actress best known for her roles in Trainspotting, Gosford Park, Intermission, Nanny McPhee, Boardwalk Empire, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2, Brave, and the Black Mirror episode ""Hated in the Nation"". For the 2005 TV film The Girl in the Cafe, she was nominated for a Golden Globe and won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or Movie. In 2003, she appeared in the acclaimed BBC miniseries State of Play as journalist Della Smith.
Yvette Roubideaux is an American doctor and public health administrator. She is a member of the Rosebud Sioux Tribe of South Dakota.
The Cathedral of Barbastro is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the town of Barbastro in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain.
Case of Sutton's Hospital 77 Eng Rep 960 is an old common law case decided by Sir Edward Coke. It concerned the London Charterhouse, which was held to be a properly constituted corporation.
Alpha Eugene Brazle was a Major League Baseball pitcher. The left-hander was signed by the Boston Red Sox as an amateur free agent in 1936, and later traded to the St. Louis Cardinals for pitcher Mike Ryba in September, 1940. He played his entire MLB career for the Cards. In 1954, at the age of 40, he was the oldest player to appear in a National League game that season.
Ede is a municipality and a city in the center of the Netherlands, in the province of Gelderland.
The silver sweep, also known as the false pompano, sweep, trumps or windawindawi, is a species of marine ray-finned fish from the subfamily Scorpidinae of the sea chub family Kyphosidae. It is native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean from Australia to New Zealand.
Thomas Michael Aldred is a professional footballer who plays as a defender for Brisbane Roar. He began his career with Carlisle United in the Football League before joining Watford in 2010 and Colchester United in 2011. He failed to make a first-team appearance for either club, but made loan appearances for Stockport County, Inverness Caledonian Thistle and Barrow. Aldred joined Accrington Stanley in 2013 and then Blackpool two years later. He won promotion to League One with Blackpool in 2017 before joining Bury. In January 2018, he moved on loan to Motherwell, and then in August 2018, signed again on a season-long loan.
Baradero is the oldest town of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, being founded in 1615. It is the administrative centre for Baradero Partido.
Trichophorum cespitosum, commonly known as deergrass or tufted bulrush, is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family. It was originally described by the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus in 1753 as Scirpus cespitosus, but was transferred to the genus Trichophorum by the Swedish botanist Carl Johan Hartman in 1849, becoming Trichophorum cespitosum.
"Vance DeBar ""Pinto"" Colvig was an American actor, voice actor, newspaper cartoonist, circus performer, vaudeville performer, animator, and writer. He was best known as the original Bozo the Clown. He was the voice of Disney's Goofy. In 1993 he was honored with a Disney Legends award."
"Linda Diane Thompson is an American songwriter/lyricist, former actress and beauty pageant winner; but she is perhaps best known as a cast member of Hee Haw as one of the ""Hee Haw Honeys."" She was a longtime girlfriend of Elvis Presley before marrying Olympic decathlon champion Caitlyn Jenner, and legendary music producer David Foster."
Daydream is a discontinued virtual reality platform which was developed by Google, primarily for use with a headset into which a smartphone is inserted. It is available for select phones running the Android mobile operating system that meet the platform's software and hardware requirements. Daydream was announced at the Google I/O developer conference in May 2016, and the first headset, the Daydream View, was released on November 10, 2016. To use the platform, users place their phone into the back of a headset, run Daydream-compatible mobile apps, and view content through the viewer's lenses. A standalone headset with integrated hardware, the Lenovo Mirage Solo, does not require a phone to use.
Chvojnica is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenín Region of western Slovakia.
The common palmar digital nerves of the ulnar nerve are nerves of the hand. The nerve branches off the superficial branch of the ulnar nerve and runs toward the cleft between the ring and pinky fingers.
"Sebastiano Biancardi, known by the pseudonym Domenico Lalli, was an Italian poet and librettist. Amongst the many libretti he produced, largely for the opera houses of Venice, were those for Vivaldi's Ottone in villa and Alessandro Scarlatti's Tigrane. A member of the Accademia degli Arcadi, he also wrote under his arcadian name ""Ortanio"". Lalli was born and raised in Naples as the adopted son of Fulvio Caracciolo but fled the city after being implicated in a bank fraud. After two years wandering about Italy in the company of Emanuele d'Astorga, he settled in Venice in 1710 and worked as the ""house poet"" of the Grimani family's theatres for the rest of his career. In addition to his stage works, Lalli published several volumes of poetry and a collection of biographies of the kings of Naples. He died in Venice at the age of 62."
Chewelah is a city in Stevens County, Washington, United States. It is located approximately 45 miles north northwest of Spokane. The population was 2,607 at the 2010 census, a 19.3% increase from 2000.
The Andean guan is a gamefowl species of the family Cracidae, in which it belongs to the guan subfamily Penelopinae. This bird occurs in the highlands of the Andes, from Venezuela and Colombia through Ecuador and Peru south to Bolivia and perhaps northwesternmost Argentina.
LaToya Ruby Frazier is an American artist and professor of photography at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. From Braddock, Pennsylvania, Frazier began photographing her family and hometown at the age of 16, revising the social documentary traditional of Walker Evans and Dorothea Lange to imagine documentation from within and by the community, and collaboration between the photographer and her subjects. Inspired by Gordon Parks, who promoted the camera as a weapon for social justice, Frazier uses her tight focus to make apparent the impact of systemic problems, from racism to deindustrialization to environmental degradation, on individual bodies, relationships and spaces. In her work, she is concerned with bringing to light these problems, which she describes as global issues.
Donte Ingram is an American basketball player for the Greensboro Swarm of the NBA G League. He played college basketball for the Loyola Ramblers. Before Loyola, he attended Simeon Career Academy and was teammates with NBA player Jabari Parker. Ingram drew national attention after helping the 2017–18 Ramblers reach the Final Four round of the 2018 NCAA Tournament. He was named to the Second team All-Missouri Valley Conference as a senior after averaging 11.5 points per game.
Spencer Davis Lanning is an American football punter who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent in 2011. He played college football at South Carolina.
The Kirchsee is a lake in Upper Bavaria which is located nearby the Kloster Reutberg monastery and brewery in the Sachsenkam municipality, about 30 km south of Munich.
Maršovice is a village and municipality in Jablonec nad Nisou District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.
"""The Blue Danube"" is the common English title of ""An der schönen, blauen Donau"", Op. 314, a waltz by the Austrian composer Johann Strauss II, composed in 1866. Originally performed on 15 February 1867 at a concert of the Wiener Männergesangsverein, it has been one of the most consistently popular pieces of music in the classical repertoire. Its initial performance was considered only a mild success, however, and Strauss is reputed to have said, ""The devil take the waltz, my only regret is for the coda—I wish that had been a success!""
St Pius X College is an independent Roman Catholic single-sex primary and secondary day school for boys, located in Chatswood, a lower North Shore suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Arrochar; is a village located near the head of Loch Long, on the Cowal peninsula in Argyll and Bute, Scottish Highlands. The village is within the Loch Lomond and The Trossachs National Park.
The Chaîne des Puys is a north-south oriented chain of cinder cones, lava domes, and maars in the Massif Central of France. The chain is about 40 km long, and the identified volcanic features include 48 cinder cones, eight lava domes, and 15 maars and explosion craters. Its highest point is the lava dome of Puy de Dôme, located near the middle of the chain, which is 1,465 m high. The name of the range comes from a French term, puy, that refers to a volcanic mountain with a rounded profile. A date of 4040 BCE is usually given for the last eruption of a Chaîne des Puys volcano.
The Porto Alegre Pumpkins is an American football team based in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. The team competes in the Superliga Nacional de Futebol Americano. The Pumpkins were founded in 2005. They were the first in the Rio Grande do Sul state.
Gregory John Page, AM is an Australian singer, musician, and actor. He is best known as the original lead singer and a founding member of the children's band The Wiggles from 1991 to 2006 and then again only in 2012. Page has also recorded several solo albums.
The Torresian crow, also called the Australian crow or Papuan crow, is a passerine bird in the crow family native to the north and west of Australia and nearby islands in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. The species has a black plumage, beak and mouth with white irises. The base of the feathers on the head and neck are white. The Torresian crow is slightly larger with a more robust bill than the morphologically similar little crow.
Jay Scott Walker is an American entrepreneur and chairman of Walker Digital, a privately held research and development lab focused on using digital networks to create new business systems. Walker is also curator of TEDMED since 2011, and a founder of Priceline.com and Synapse Group, Inc. In 2000, Forbes estimated his net worth at $1.6 billion. By October 2000, his estimated worth was down to $333 million. As of 2013, he is not on the Forbes list of the world's billionaires.
Citral, or 3,7-dimethyl-2,6-octadienal or lemonal, is either a pair, or a mixture of terpenoids with the molecular formula CHO. The two compounds are geometric isomers. The E-isomer is known as geranial or citral A. The Z-isomer is known as neral or citral B.
Výborná is a village and municipality in Kežmarok District in the Prešov Region of north Slovakia.
Choi Hyun-seok is a South Korean chef and television personality. He gained mainstream recognition for his appearances on the variety show Please Take Care of My Refrigerator, from which he became known for his flamboyant stage presence. He worked in Seoul in the Italian restaurant La Cucina before becoming the head chef at Elbon the Table, which has two branches in Seoul and one in Goyang. He is currently the head chef at Choi, a Korean-European fusion restaurant in Seoul.
Wake Island is a coral atoll in the western Pacific Ocean in the northeastern area of the Micronesia subregion, 1,501 miles east of Guam, 2,298 miles west of Honolulu, 1,991 miles southeast of Tokyo, and 898 miles north of Majuro. The island is an unorganized, unincorporated territory of the United States that is also claimed by the Republic of the Marshall Islands. Wake Island is one of the most isolated islands in the world and the nearest inhabited island is Utirik Atoll in the Marshall Islands, 592 miles to the southeast.
Tatoi Airport is an airport located north of Athens, in Decelea. It started operating in 1918 and it now has a single runway with a length of 1764m. The airport is used by the Hellenic Air Force and is the base of the following aeroclubs:
Gy is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
The Overseas Museum in Bremen is a Natural History and ethnographic museum in northern Germany. In an integrated exhibition of Nature, Culture and Trading, the museum presents aspects of overseas regions with permanent exhibitions relating to Asia, South Pacific/Oceania, Americas and Africa. The building is protected by the monument protection act.
Sotra Patera is a prominent depression on Titan, the largest moon of Saturn. It was formerly known as Sotra Facula; the current name was approved on 19 December 2012. It is a possible cryovolcanic caldera 30 km across and 1.7 km deep, and is immediately to the east of the largest putative cryovolcanic mountain on Titan, the 1.45 km high Doom Mons. Sotra Patera is the deepest known pit on Titan.
Second National Front of Escambray was an independent guerilla group led by Eloy Gutiérrez Menoyo and Dr. Armando Fleites and included Roger Redondo, Ramiro Lorenzo, Jorge Castellón, Jesús Carreras Saya, Lázaro Artola, Genaro Arroyo, and others in the Cuban central Escambray Mountains. William Alexander Morgan was also a part of the Escambray group. While initially the group supported Fidel Castro in his efforts to overthrow Cuban dictator Fulgencio Batista, after Castro took power some of its members joined former Batista soldiers and local farmers in the Escambray Rebellion opposing Castro.
"Gail Simmons is a Canadian food writer and cookbook author. Since the show's inception in 2006, she has served as a permanent judge on BRAVO's Emmy-winning series Top Chef. Simmons was previously the head critic on Top Chef Duels and host of Top Chef: Just Desserts, Bravo's pastry-focused spin-off of the Top Chef franchise. She was also co-host of ""The Feed,"" which aired in 2014 on FYI, A+E's new lifestyle network. In addition to her work on Top Chef, Gail makes frequent television appearances on NBC's Today and ABC's Good Morning America, among others. She has been featured in such publications as New York magazine, Travel + Leisure, GQ, People, Los Angeles Times, and more.
The PP-90M1 is a 9×19mm Parabellum Russian submachine gun developed by KBP Instrument Design Bureau in the 1990s. It features a 64-round helical magazine, and other than sharing a manufacturer is unrelated to the similarly named PP-90M.
Happy Valley is an affluent suburban city in the Portland, Oregon metropolitan area. Happy Valley is near the northwest edge of Clackamas County, Oregon, United States approximately 10 miles to the southeast of downtown Portland, Oregon. The population was 13,903 at the 2010 census.
"The Brian Setzer Orchestra is a swing and jump blues band formed in 1990 by Stray Cats frontman Brian Setzer. The group covered Louis Prima's ""Jump Jive an' Wail"", which appeared on Prima's 1957 album The Wildest!. The BSO's follow up single was ""Gettin' in the Mood."""
"The Palestra, often called the Cathedral of College Basketball, is a historic arena and the home gym of the Penn Quakers men's and women's basketball teams, volleyball teams, wrestling team, and Philadelphia Big 5 basketball. Located at 235 South 33rd St. in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on the campus of the University of Pennsylvania, near Franklin Field in the University City section of Philadelphia, it opened on January 1, 1927. The Palestra has been called ""the most important building in the history of college basketball"" and ""changed the entire history of the sport for which it was built.""
Isaiah Shaquille Taylor is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Rio Grande Valley Vipers of the NBA G League. He played three seasons of college basketball for the Texas Longhorns.
Stephen Philip Jackson, FRS, FMedSci, is the Frederick James Quick Professor of Biology. He is a Senior Group Leader and Head of Cancer Research UK Laboratories at the Gurdon Institute.
El Al Flight 402 was an international passenger flight from London to Tel Aviv via Vienna and Istanbul. On 27 July 1955, the flight, operated by a Lockheed Constellation registered as 4X-AKC, strayed into then-Communist Bulgarian airspace and was attacked by two Bulgarian MiG-15 jet fighters, crashing near Petrich. All 7 crew and 51 passengers on board the airliner were killed. The crash took place amid highly strained relations between the Eastern Bloc and the Western Bloc and was the deadliest involving the Constellation up to that time.
Hercules and Omphale is a circa 1602 painting by Peter Paul Rubens, now held in the Louvre Museum in Paris.
Belnahua is one of the Slate Islands, in the Firth of Lorn in Scotland, known for its deserted slate quarries. The bedrock that underpins its human history is part of the Scarba Conglomerate Formation and its value has been on record since the 16th century. Likely uninhabited before commercial quarrying commenced, under the control of the Stevenson family during the 19th century the population expanded to over 150 before the island was abandoned again in 1914.
Luthersville is a city in Meriwether County, Georgia, United States. The population was 874 at the 2010 census.
The Kota Belud District is an administrative district in the Malaysian state of Sabah, part of the West Coast Division which includes the districts of Kota Belud, Kota Kinabalu, Papar, Penampang, Putatan, Ranau and Tuaran. The capital of the district is in Kota Belud Town. Mount Kinabalu is located in the district.
"The Samsung Galaxy Fold is an Android-based foldable smartphone developed by Samsung Electronics. Unveiled on February 20, 2019, it was released on September 6, 2019 in South Korea. The device is capable of being folded open to expose a 7.3-inch tablet-sized flexible display, while its front contains a smaller ""cover"" display, intended for accessing the device without opening it.
Vuarmarens is a former municipality in the district of Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On January 1, 2006, Vuarmarens incorporated the formerly independent municipality of Esmonts. On 1 January 2012, the municipality of Vuarmarens merged into the municipality of Ursy.
Hallu is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Los Llanos de Aridane is a municipality of the Province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain. It is located in the west of the island of La Palma, in the Aridane Valley. With 20,930 inhabitants it is the most populous municipality of La Palma.
"The Ruwanwelisaya is a stupa and a hemispherical structure containing relics, in Sri Lanka, considered sacred to many Buddhists all over the world. Two quarts or one Drona of the Gothama Buddha's relics are enshrined in the stupa, which is the largest collection of his relics anywhere. It was built by King Dutugemunu c. 140 B.C., who became King of all Sri Lanka after a war in which the Chola King Elra was defeated. It is also known as ""Mahathupa"", ""Swarnamali Chaitya"", ""Suvarnamali Mahaceti"" and ""Rathnamali Dagaba"".
Fernand Canteloube was a French cyclist who competed in the road race at the 1920 Summer Olympics. He won a team gold and an individual bronze medal. He finished fourth at the 1921 UCI Road World Championships.
Paul Charles Merson is an English football television pundit and former professional footballer and manager. Originally a forward, Merson found success as an attacking midfielder and playmaker later in his career.
Dongcheon Station is a metro station located in Dongcheon-dong, Suji-gu, Yongin, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. It is located right next to the Gyeongbu Expressway and riders can immediately transfer to a bus on the highway via a bus transfer stop located directly at Exit 1.
Lewisville is an unincorporated community located within Lawrence Township in Mercer County, New Jersey, United States. The settlement is located along Lewisville Road near its intersection with Franklin Corner Road. A portion of The Lawrenceville School campus is within Lewisville as are residences and small office buildings.
Metaplasia is the transformation of one differentiated cell type to another differentiated cell type. The change from one type of cell to another may be part of a normal maturation process, or caused by some sort of abnormal stimulus. In simplistic terms, it is as if the original cells are not robust enough to withstand their environment, so they transform into another cell type better suited to their environment. If the stimulus causing metaplasia is removed or ceases, tissues return to their normal pattern of differentiation. Metaplasia is not synonymous with dysplasia, and is not considered to be an actual cancer. It is also contrasted with heteroplasia, which is the spontaneous abnormal growth of cytologic and histologic elements. Today, metaplastic changes are usually considered to be an early phase of carcinogenesis, specifically for those with a history of cancers or who are known to be susceptible to carcinogenic changes. Metaplastic change is thus often viewed as a premalignant condition that requires immediate intervention, either surgical or medical, lest it lead to cancer via malignant transformation.
An election to Offaly County Council took place on 5 June 2009 as part of that year's Irish local elections. 21 councillors were elected from five electoral divisions by PR-STV voting for a five-year term of office.
Zhao Hongyin was a military general in imperial China's Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period.
Philippe Poisson, better known as Phil Fish, is a French-Canadian former indie game designer best known for his work on the 2012 platform game Fez. He was born and raised in Quebec, where his experiences with Nintendo games in his youth would later influence his game design. He studied game design at the Montreal National Animation and Design Centre, and worked at Ubisoft and Artificial Mind and Movement before starting Polytron in 2008.
"Alice Petry Gast FREng is an American researcher, and the 16th president of Imperial College London, since September 2014. Gast was named one of the top 100 ""Modern Era"" engineers in the US under the category of ""Leadership"" by the American Institute of Chemical Engineers."
Anthony Warlow AM is an Australian opera and musical theatre performer, noted for his character acting and considerable vocal range. He is a classically trained lyric baritone and has been thrilling audiences with his versatility from the moment he arrived on the theatrical scene. From his debut with the Australian Opera in 1980, he has left an indelible stamp on the industry both at home and abroad.
Clermont Huger Lee was a landscape architect from Savannah, Georgia most known for her work designing gardens and parks for historical landmarks in the state. Specifically, Lee is known for her designs such as the Juliette Gordon Low Birthplace, Isaiah Davenport House and Owens-Thomas House. Lee assisted in founding of the Georgia State Board of Landscape Architects which serves as a licensing board for landscape architects throughout Georgia. She is considered one of the first women to establish their own private architecture practice in Georgia and was inducted into the Georgia Women of Achievement in 2017 and Savannah College of Art and Design's Savannah Women of Vision on February 14, 2020. SCAD honors Lee with a gold relief in its Arnold hall.
"Pulo do Lobo is a waterfall 17 km north of Mértola, in the Lower Alentejo region of Portugal. It is the highest waterfall in Southern Portugal. Its name means ""wolf's leap"" in English; it was said that only a brave man or a wild animal when chased could leap over the gorge that was created by the waterfall.
The Voyages extraordinaires is a sequence of fifty-four novels by the French writer Jules Verne, originally published between 1863 and 1905.
De Juffer is a tower mill in Gasselternijveen, in Drenthe province of the Netherlands. It was built in 1971. The mill is listed as a Rijksmonument, number 46615
Bouhans-lès-Lure is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
As-Salih Salah ad-Din Salih ibn Muhammad ibn Qalawun 28 September 1337–1360/61, better known as as-Salih Salih, was the Mamluk sultan in 1351–1354. He was the eighth son of Sultan an-Nasir Muhammad to accede to the sultanate. He was largely a figurehead, with real power held by the senior Mamluk emirs, most prominently Emir Taz an-Nasiri (com).
Marie Bouzková is a professional Czech tennis player.
The Surface Go is a 10-inch 2-in-1 detachable in the Microsoft Surface series that was released on August 2, 2018. It was unveiled by Microsoft on July 10, 2018. This was the first generation of the Surface Go. In May 2020, this has been superseded by the Surface Go 2.
Domingos Soares Ferreira Penna was a Brazilian naturalist from the state of Minas Gerais, who founded the Museu Paraense Emílio Goeldi, in Belém, and undertook important research in the archeology and natural resources of the lower Amazon River valley.
Tillamook Rock Light is a deactivated lighthouse on the Oregon Coast of the United States. It is located approximately 1.2 miles offshore from Tillamook Head, and 20 miles south of the mouth of the Columbia River, situated on less than an acre of basalt rock in the Pacific Ocean. The construction of the lighthouse was commissioned in 1878 by the United States Congress, and began in 1880. The construction took more than 500 days to finish, with its completion in January 1881. In early January 1881, when the lighthouse was near completion, the barque Lupatia was wrecked near the rock during inclement weather and sank, killing all 16 crew members.
Orchha is a town in Niwari district of Madhya Pradesh state, India. The town was established by Rudra Pratap Singh some time after 1501, as the seat of an eponymous former princely state of covering parts of central & north India, in the Bundelkhand region. Orchha lies on the Betwa River, 80 km from Tikamgarh & 15 km from Jhansi in Uttar Pradesh.
Elizabeth is a town in, and the county seat of Wirt County, West Virginia along the Little Kanawha River.
Zelenogorsk is a closed town in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia, located on the left bank of the Kan River 180 kilometers above its confluence with the Yenisei River. It was formerly known as Krasnoyarsk-45 and was involved in enriching uranium for the Soviet nuclear program. Population: 66,056; 69,355.
Watts Township is a township in Perry County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,265 at the 2010 census.
Catus is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Juliusz Zarbski was a Polish composer and pianist. Some of his manuscripts have been found in the National Library of Poland.
Ernst Ludwig von Aster was a German officer and a highly decorated Prussian, Saxon and Russian general of the German Campaign of 1813 and the War of the Seventh Coalition.
St. Louis is a city in Gratiot County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census the population was 7,482.
Downtown Des Moines is the central business district of Des Moines, Iowa and the Greater Des Moines Metropolitan Area. Downtown Des Moines is defined by the City of Des Moines as located between the Des Moines River to the east, the Raccoon River to the south, Center Street to the north, and 18th and 15th Streets to the west.
Boris Stankovich, is a former rugby union player who played for Leicester Tigers and Newport Gwent Dragons. He is now the forwards coach at Leicester where he spent the most of his career.
Zawidów is a town in Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, at the Czech border.
The Seminario de San Vicente Ferrer, also known as San Vicente Ferrer, Seminario or Saint Vincent, is a college-seminary located in Iloilo City. It was founded in 1869 and is the first institution of higher education in the Western Visayas. It is the fifth oldest and the last seminary that was established during the Spanish colonial period in the Philippines. The Seminarians serve the nearby Jaro Cathedral which houses the miraculous statue of Nuestra Señora de la Candelaria de Jaro, the official roman catholic patron of Western Visayas.
The Liberty Tunnels are a pair of tunnels located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States that allow motorists to travel between the South Hills of Pittsburgh and the city, beneath Mt. Washington. The tunnels were vital in the expansion of the South Hills suburbs by providing a direct route to the city, eliminating the time-consuming task of navigating around or over Mt. Washington and its inclines. Opening in 1924, the Liberty Tunnels are the longest automobile tunnel in the City of Pittsburgh.
Irma Shiolashvili, or Irma Shiolashvili-Britze is a Georgian poet, translator and journalist.
The MCV EvoSeti is a low-floor double-decker bus body built by MCV as a replacement for the DD103. It was unveiled in May 2015.
Women's soccer, also known as women's football, is a popular sport in Australia. The sport has a high level of participation in the country both recreational and professional. Football Federation Australia is the national governing body of the sport in Australia, organising the W-League, the Australian women's national team, and the nine state governing bodies of the game, among other duties. Women's participation of modern soccer has been recorded since the early 1920s. It has since become one of Australia's most popular women's team sports.
Castilla Province is one of eight provinces in the Arequipa Region of Peru. It was named after Ramón Castilla.
Saint-Mamert-du-Gard is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Super Typhoon Joan, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Sening, was the first of two super typhoons to strike the Philippines within a week in October 1970, the second being Super Typhoon Kate. Super Typhoon Joan is the second strongest typhoon ever to affect the Philippines, just after Typhoon Haiyan in 2013.
Oxyopes elegans is a species of lynx spiders found in Queensland and New South Wales.
Bourogne is a commune in the Territoire de Belfort department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in northeastern France.
The head of the radius has a cylindrical form, and on its upper surface is a shallow cup or fovea for articulation with the capitulum of the humerus. The circumference of the head is smooth; it is broad medially where it articulates with the radial notch of the ulna, narrow in the rest of its extent, which is embraced by the annular ligament.
Kirkville is a city in Wapello County, Iowa, United States. The population was 167 at the 2010 census.
Union Star is a city in DeKalb County, Missouri, United States, along the Third Fork of the Platte River. The population was 437 at the 2010 census. It is part of the St. Joseph, MO–KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.
ilec is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
The Philippine presidential and vice presidential elections of 1946 were held on April 23, 1946.
Shelldrake is a ghost town in Whitefish Township, Chippewa County, Michigan, United States, about 8 miles south of Whitefish Point, Michigan at the mouth of the Shelldrake River on Whitefish Bay. It is listed on the Michigan Historic Register. Prior to European settlement it supported a seasonal Native American fishing village. In the 1890s and early 1900s, it was a thriving sawmill town during peak logging years on the Tahquamenon River watershed. By the 1920s repeated fires and the decline of lumbering led to its demise. Today it is a privately owned ghost town with only a few weathered, original buildings.
Slavyansk-na-Kubani is a town in Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located in the Kuban River delta. Population: 63,842; 64,136; 57,790; 56,000.
Arklow is a town in County Wicklow on the east coast of Ireland. The town is overlooked by Ballymoyle Hill. It was founded by the Vikings in the ninth century. Arklow was the site of one of the bloodiest battles of the 1798 rebellion. Its proximity to Dublin led to it becoming a commuter town with a population of 13,163 as of the 2016 census.
"Haute-Corse is an administrative department of France, consisting of the northern part of the island of Corsica. The corresponding departmental territorial collectivity merged with that of Corse-du-Sud on 1 January 2018, forming the single territorial collectivity of Corsica, with territorial elections coinciding with the dissolution of the separate councils. The people living in the former department are called ""Northerners""."
Klädesholmen is an island and village in Tjörn Municipality, Bohuslän, Sweden. The urban area, with 385 inhabitants in 2010, located on two small islands, Klädesholmen and Koholmen, is connected to Tjörn via a bridge to Bleket. The islands were formerly crown islets, where fishermen had the right to settle.
Melvin Morris is a United States Army veteran of the Vietnam War, a Special Forces soldier, and a recipient of the Medal of Honor.
The infrapatellar fat pad is a cylindrical piece of fat that is situated under and behind the patella bone within the knee.
Mark Lewin is an American retired professional wrestler.
Bjarne Fog Corydon is a Danish former politician, who held office as a member of the Social Democrats. He served as Finance Minister of Denmark in the Cabinet of Helle Thorning-Schmidt from 2011 to 2015.
Mustang District is one of the seventy-seven districts of Nepal. It covers an area of 3,573 km² and has a population of 13,452. The headquarters is Jomsom.
The National Library of Iran is located in Tehran, Iran, with several branches scattered throughout the city.
Charles Fred Widdecke was a highly decorated officer of the United States Marine Corps who reached the rank of major general. Widdecke received the Navy Cross, the United States military's second-highest decoration awarded for valor in combat, for his actions during the Recapture of Guam in July 1944. He later commanded the 1st Marine Division at the end of Vietnam War.
"Nikolaos ""Nikos"" Oikonomopoulos is a Greek singer. He appeared on Greek talent show Dream Show - The Music 2, of which he was the winner. Nikos Oikonomopoulos is top contemporary male singer in the latter half of the decade with huge number of album sales."
Kootenai is a city in Idaho in the United States. It is in Bonner County.
"Joel Rosenberg was a Canadian American science fiction and fantasy author best known for his long-running ""Guardians of the Flame"" series. Rosenberg was also a gun rights activist. He is the oldest brother of Miami Herald reporter Carol Rosenberg."
Nancy Silverton is an American chef, baker, and author. The winner of the James Beard Foundation's Outstanding Chef Award in 2014, Silverton is recognized for her role in popularizing sourdough and artisan breads in the United States.
Guilherme Antonio Arana Lopes, known as Guilherme Arana, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a left back for Atlético Mineiro, on loan from Sevilla.
Stéphane Mbia Etoundi is a Cameroonian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder or defender for Chinese club Shanghai Greenland Shenhua.
Bourgaltroff is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
The Nikon D600 is a 24.3-effective-megapixel FX-format full-frame digital SLR camera from Nikon released on September 13, 2012 targeted at professionals and enthusiasts. It began shipping on September 18, 2012; at introduction, its suggested retail price in the U.S. was $2099 for the body only and $2699 with a 24–85 mm kit lens. The Nikon D600 was given a Gold Award by Digital Photography Review.
Scott William Sloan AO FRS FREng FAA FTSE was laureate Professor of Civil Engineering at the University of Newcastle.
The R336 road is a regional road in County Galway in Ireland which connects the N59 road at Leenaun beside Killary Harbour – via Inverin – to the N6 and N83 in Galway, 83 kilometres to the southeast.
Llyn Llywenan is a lake in western Anglesey, Wales found just over 1 kilometre north of the village of Bodedern and 9 kilometres east of the town of Holyhead. At a maximum length of 1.1 kilometres and breath of 0.4 kilometres it has a surface area of only 0.4 square kilometres. This makes it the largest natural lake on the island—both Llyn Alaw and Llyn Cefni are larger but are man made.
The Motiv3 Pro-Cycling Team was a Norwegian UCI Continental cycling team that existed from 2012 until 2014. On July 31, 2014, the team lost its UCI Continental status, and was a club team until its disappearance at the end of the season.
José Buenaventura Durruti Dumange was a Spanish insurrectionary, anarcho-syndicalist militant involved with the CNT, FAI and other anarchist organisations during the period leading up to and including the Spanish Civil War. Durruti played an influential role during the Spanish Revolution and is remembered as a hero in the anarchist movement.
Randburg Commando was a light infantry regiment of the South African Army. It formed part of the South African Army Infantry Formation as well as the South African Territorial Reserve.
Prince Fumimaro Konoe was a Japanese politician and Prime Minister who presided over Japan's invasion of China in 1937 and the deterioration in relations with the United States and its allies. He also played a central role in Japan's transformation into a totalitarian state by passing the National Mobilization Law and founding the Imperial Rule Assistance Association.
The Pyongyang Maternity Hospital is a maternity and teaching hospital in Pyongyang. Nurses and midwives are educated in the hospital for work outside the North Korean capital. There is a neonatal intensive care unit at the hospital. In addition, there are multiple different wards, such as dental and breast cancer wards, to treat mothers' various health problems.
Tullus Hostilius was the legendary third king of Rome. He succeeded Numa Pompilius and was succeeded by Ancus Marcius. Unlike his predecessor, Tullus was known as a warlike king. The reign of the third king of Rome ended, when Tullus Hostilius died in 642 BC, a victim of the plague.
"The Nyamwezi, or Wanyamwezi, are one of the Bantu groups of East Africa and the second-largest ethnic group in Tanzania. The Nyamwezi people's ancestral homeland is in parts of Tabora Region, Singida Region, Shinyanga Region and Katavi Region. The term Nyamwezi is of Swahili origin, and translates as ""people of the moon"" on one hand but also means ""people of the west"" the latter being more meaningful to the context.
The St. Francis River is a tributary of the Mississippi River, about 426 miles long, in southeastern Missouri and northeastern Arkansas in the United States. The river drains a mostly rural area and forms part of the Missouri-Arkansas state line along the western side of the Missouri Bootheel.
The black snub-nosed monkey, also known as the Yunnan snub-nosed monkey, is a large black and white primate that lives only in the southern Chinese province of Yunnan, where it is known to the locals as the Yunnan golden hair monkey and the black-and-white snub-nosed monkey. The common name, black snub-nosed monkey, is issued to Rhinopithecus strykeri, inhabiting in Northern Sino-Myanmar border. Coniferous and deciduous forests in the mountainous regions of Yunnan are the ideal terrain for these primates. It is threatened by habitat loss, and is considered an endangered species. With their unique adaptations to their environment, these monkeys thrive at extreme altitudes despite the below freezing temperatures and thin air. This primate's diet is mainly made up of the large amounts of lichens available in their region. Recent studies have provided more information on the black-and-white snub-nosed monkey, but there is still much to learn about them.
Mark Poole is an American fantasy artist, best known for working on the first set of Magic: the Gathering cards.
Kunyinsky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the twenty-four in Pskov Oblast, Russia. It is located in the southeast of the oblast and borders with Toropetsky District of Tver Oblast in the north, Zapadnodvinsky District of Tver Oblast in the east, Velizhsky District of Smolensk Oblast in the south, Usvyatsky District in the southwest, and Velikoluksky District in the northwest. The area of the district is 2,621.4 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the urban locality of Kunya. Population: 10,277; 12,928; 17,698. The population of Kunya accounts for 30.4% of the district's total population.
Joris van der Hoeven is a Dutch mathematician and computer scientist, specializing in algebraic analysis and computer algebra.
Carsten Dahl is a Danish pianist.
A. Rangaswami Iyengar was an Indian journalist, lawyer and politician who served as a member of the Central Legislative Assembly and as the Chief Editor of The Hindu from 1928 till his death in 1934. He was a nephew of Kasturi Ranga Iyengar.
Jacinto is a Brazilian municipality located in the northeast of the state of Minas Gerais. Jacinto is located on the right bank of the Jequitinhonha River. It is 44 kilometers east of Almenara.
Brzkov is a village and municipality in Jihlava District in the Vysoina Region of the Czech Republic.
Marc Veyrat is a French chef from the Haute-Savoie region, who specialises in molecular gastronomy and the use of mountain plants and herbs.
The Xiluo Bridge is a bridge connecting Xiluo Township in Yunlin County and Xizhou Township in Changhua County in Taiwan crossing over Zhuoshui River.
The California Car is the first generation of intercity railcars owned by the California Department of Transportation and operated by Amtrak under the Amtrak California brand on intercity corridor routes in Northern and Central California. The cars were built in the mid-1990s for the Caltrans Division of Rail by Morrison–Knudsen and the American Passenger Rail Car Company. The cars are similar to Amtrak's Superliner, but original in design to provide rolling stock suitable for California intercity services up to six hours, with more frequent stops than most other Amtrak routes. All cars were overhauled by Alstom at its Mare Island facility between 2009 and 2012.
Kings Cribbage is a board game released by Cococo Games that counts like cribbage, but plays like a crossword puzzle. It uses a raised-grid gameboard and features playing card tiles, 4 tile holders and a bag.
The General Intelligence Service, often referred to as the Mukhabarat is an Egyptian intelligence agency responsible for providing national security intelligence, both domestically and transnationally, with a counter-terrorism focus. The GIS is part of the Egyptian intelligence community, together with the Office of Military Intelligence Services and Reconnaissance and National Security Agency.
Happy99 is a computer worm for Microsoft Windows. It first appeared in mid-January 1999, spreading through email and usenet. The worm installs itself and runs in the background of a victim's machine, without their knowledge. It is generally considered the first virus to propagate by email, and has served as a template for the creation of other self-propagating viruses. Happy99 has spread on multiple continents, including North America, Europe, and Asia.
The attacks on Kure and the Inland Sea by United States and British naval aircraft in late July 1945 sank most of the surviving large warships of the Imperial Japanese Navy. The United States Third Fleet's attacks on Kure Naval Arsenal and nearby ports on 24, 25, and 28 July sank an aircraft carrier, three battleships, five cruisers, and several smaller warships. During the same period the British Pacific Fleet attacked other targets in the Inland Sea region and sank two escort ships and several smaller vessels as well as damaging an escort carrier.
Bavay is a commune in the Nord department in the Hauts-de-France region of northern France. The town was the seat of the former canton of Bavay.
Cachen is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
A Ferrari Monza is one of a series of cars built by Ferrari. In the early 1950s, Ferrari shifted from using the compact Gioacchino Colombo-designed V12 engine in its smallest class of sports racers to a line of four-cylinder engines designed by Aurelio Lampredi. Inspired by the success of the light and reliable 2.5 L 553 F1 car, the four-cylinder sports racers competed successfully through the late 1950s, culminating with the famed 500 Mondial and 750 Monza.
North Carolina Agricultural Experiment Station Cottage, also known as College Station and Hezouri House, is a historic home located at Raleigh, North Carolina. It built in 1886 to house the residence and office of the North Carolina Agricultural Experiment Station, It is a two-story, frame farmhouse with elements of Gothic Revival, Italianate, and Queen Anne style architecture. It has a cross-gable roof and features sawnwork decoration on the front porch and gables. The building housed the first agricultural experiment station in North Carolina. The station closed in 1926, and it was subsequently used as a residence.
Halle (Saale) is the largest city of the German state of Saxony-Anhalt, the fifth most populous city in the area of former East Germany after Berlin, Leipzig, Dresden and Chemnitz, as well as the 31st largest city of Germany, and with around 239,000 inhabitants, it is slightly more populous than the state capital of Magdeburg. Together with Leipzig, the largest city of Saxony, Halle forms the polycentric Leipzig-Halle conurbation. Between the two cities, in Schkeuditz, lies Leipzig/Halle International Airport. The Leipzig-Halle conurbation is at the heart of the larger Central German Metropolitan Region.
Henning Alexander von Kleist was an 18th-century Prussian field marshal. He fought in the War of Spanish Succession, the Great Northern War, and in the Wars of Austrian Succession. In particular, his actions at the Battle of Mollwitz brought him acclaim, although he had long been a stalwart supporter of Prussian military developments by the Prussian kings Frederick and Frederick William I.
Cosmic Girl is a Boeing 747-400 aircraft. A former passenger airliner operated by Virgin Atlantic, it was purchased by Virgin Galactic in 2015 to be used as the first stage launch platform for the air launch stage of the smallsat orbital launch vehicle, the LauncherOne. In 2017, the aircraft was transferred to the orbital launch subsidiary, Virgin Orbit, and its livery updated to Virgin Orbit livery. It attempted its first launch on 25 May 2020.
Rykhtychi is a town in Lviv Oblast, Drohobych Raion, Ukraine.
The Eilandsgracht is a canal in Amsterdam between the Westelijke Eilanden and the mainland.
Randolph is a city in Riley County, Kansas, United States. It is the population center of Jackson Township. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 163.
Ignacio Hernando de Larramendi y Montiano was a Spanish entrepreneur, Carlist militant and author. Larramendi was as a longtime head of MAPFRE and is often counted among 100 most influential Spanish businessmen of the 20th century. He is recognized as sponsor and organizer of multifold initiatives related to Hispanic culture, mostly in Latin America. He briefly rose to Carlist executive, but is better known as engaged in promotion of Traditionalist heritage.
Donori is a town and comune in the Province of Sud Sardegna in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2016, 2,094 people lived there. Its area is 35.31 km². It is 141 meters above sea level.
Metuchen is a borough in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States
The 1981–82 Australian region cyclone season was an average season. It officially started on 1 November 1981, and officially ended on 30 April 1982.
Furnace Mountain is an American Zen Buddhist retreat center in Clay City, Kentucky, co-founded in 1986 by Seung Sahn Soen Sa Nim and Dae Gak Soen Sa Nim as part of the international Kwan Um School of Zen; it is now unaffiliated with the school in an official capacity. In 1990 the main Meditation Hall was completed, and in 1994 the temple was constructed and opened. Kwan Se Um San Ji Sah is modeled after a traditional Korean Buddhist Temple—located on 850 acres of woods in part of The Daniel Boone National Forest. The exact site of Kwan Se Um San Ji Sah was determined by the use of geomantic divination, which was intended to help foster harmony. The Abbott and guiding teacher is Dae Gak Zen Master.
Irakli Abuseridze is a Georgian rugby union player who plays as a scrum-half. Abuseridze is the most capped player of all time for the Georgia national rugby union team.
Fithian is a village in Oakwood Township, Vermilion County, Illinois, United States. It is part of the Danville, Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 485 at the 2010 census.
Minersville Historic District is a national historic district located at Johnstown in Cambria County, Pennsylvania. The district is a working-class neighborhood of privately and company built housing running along the north side of the Conemaugh River.
The Kamchatka-Kurile meadows and sparse forests ecoregion covers the coastal zones of the Kamchatka peninsula, northern section of the Kuril Islands, and the Commander Islands in the Russian Far East. The region noted for its sparse forests of Betula ermanii, and also for extensive tall-herb meadows. It is in the Palearctic realm, and mostly in the boreal forests/taiga biome with a Humid continental climate, cool summer climate. It covers 146,334 km².
The Ngwavuma is a river in Eswatini and KwaZulu-Natal Province in southern Africa. It is also known as the Inguavuma, Ingwavuma, Ingwovuma, and Nggwavuma, and is one of the five major rivers in Eswatini. It arises in southwestern Eswatini and flows eastward. It is a tributary of the Pongola River.
The Boehlert Transportation Center at Union Station is a train station served by Amtrak and the Adirondack Scenic Railroad in Utica, New York. It is owned by Oneida County, and named for retired U.S. Rep. Sherwood Boehlert, R-New Hartford.
Agus Gumiwang Kartasasmita is an Indonesian politician. He is the current Minister of Industry in the Republic of Indonesia, appointed on 24 August 2019.
Shima-Yokoyama Station is a railway station in Shima, Mie Prefecture, operated by Kintetsu Railway. The station is 61.9 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Ise-Nakagawa Station.
Jií Menzel is a Czech film director, theatre director, actor, and screenwriter. His films often combine a humanistic view of the world with sarcasm and provocative cinematography. Some of these films are adapted from works by Czech writers such as Bohumil Hrabal and Vladislav Vanura.
"Juan Ignacio Paulino Ramírez Calzada, known as Ignacio Ramírez, was a Mexican writer, poet, journalist, lawyer, atheist, and political libertarian from San Miguel de Allende, then called San Miguel el Grande. His father had been a prominent federalist politician. In writings, Ramírez used the pen name, El Nigromante. He defended the rights of Indians. Ramírez worked with Guillermo Prieto to start the satirical periodical, Don Simplicio. Ramírez is considered a member of the ""'romantic generation' of Mexican liberals"" coinciding with the Liberal Reform; others were Ponciano Arriaga, Miguel Lerdo de Tejada, Melchor Ocampo, and Guillermo Prieto."
Utarom Airport or Kaimana Airport is an airport serving Kaimana, located in the province of West Papua in Indonesia. Due to increasing passengers, the airport was heavily modernized. The airport development is done in several stages, which begin in 2012, followed in 2014, and was completed at the end of 2015. Currently, Utarom Airport has a modern passenger terminal design like that of Wamena Airport. Airport capacity also increased to be able to accommodate 102 passengers during peak hours. The passenger terminal is made more comfortable in order to improve service to passengers In total, the construction of a passenger terminal covering an area of 1,800 square meters costs around Rp 75.5 billion. The development of the airport was completed at the end of 2015 and was inaugurated by President Joko Widodo on 30 December 2016.
Djebel Oust is a town and commune in the Zaghouan Governorate, Tunisia. As of 2004 it had a population of 3,830.
Mount Alexander College, formerly known as Debney Park Secondary College, is a public high school located on Mount Alexander Road, Flemington, a suburb of Melbourne in Victoria, Australia.
Monty Python Live (Mostly) was a stage show by the Monty Python comedy group in The O2 in London in July 2014. Planned as a single performance for 1 July, it was expanded to 10 shows due to the high demand for tickets. It was their first live performance together in 16 years, the second without member Graham Chapman and the last with Terry Jones before his death in 2020.
The First Unitarian Society of Madison is a Unitarian Universalist congregation in Shorewood Hills, Wisconsin. Its meeting house was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and built by Marshall Erdman in 1949–1951, and has been designated a U.S. National Historic Landmark for its architecture. With over 1,500 members, it is one of the largest Unitarian Universalist congregations in the United States.
"Baks Museum is a museum located in Bayburt, Turkey. “Baks” literally means “healer, helper, protector” in the West Asia. The museum offers contemporary art and traditional handcrafts. The basic aim of the foundation is, as quoted by founder Professor Hüsamettin Koçan, to ""disseminate art and culture by bringing together contemporary and traditional art, to collect, document, classify, preserve and promote works of contemporary and traditional art, to use this base in realizing creation, and to hand local and national cultural values down to future generations""."
Charles Springer Tavern, also known as the Oak Hill Inn, Four Mile Inn, and Sign of the Three Tons, is a historic inn and tavern located near Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware, USA. The building is a two-story, log and stone building that evolved in four major construction phases during the period from 1750 to 1850. The oldest section is a two-story, two-bay, gable-roofed log section. A stone, two-story, two-bay, gable-roofed section was added about 1780; the roof level, window and door openings and floor levels were subsequently raised on the original log section; and a stone, 1 1/2-story lean-to was added on the rear wall of the log section. It has been a residence since the early 20th century. It is in a vernacular Federal style. Also on the property are the contributing ruins of a stone barn built in 1852, the ruins of a stone springhouse, and a stone mileage marker identifying the location as being four miles from the City of Wilmington.
Lake Mead is a man-made lake that lies on the Colorado River, about 24 mi from the Las Vegas Strip, southeast of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the states of Nevada and Arizona. It is the largest reservoir in the United States in terms of water capacity. Formed by the Hoover Dam on September 30, 1935, the reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, California, and Nevada, as well as some of Mexico, providing sustenance to nearly 20 million people and large areas of farmland.
Clifton Road was a railway station built by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway to serve the village of Clifton north east of Brighouse in West Yorkshire, England.
María Bernarda Bütler - born Verena Bütler - was a Swiss Roman Catholic professed religious and the foundress of the Franciscan Missionary Sisters of Our Lady of Perpetual Help, and a part of the missions in Ecuador and Colombia. Bütler worked for the care of the poor in these places until her exile from Ecuador and entrance into Colombia where she worked for the remainder of her life. Her order moved there with her, and continued to expand during her time there until her death.
Fieschertal is a village and municipality in the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Saint-Alban-Leysse is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Claudiano Bezerra da Silva, commonly known as Kaká, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Anadia F.C. as a central defender.
Purse State Park is a former Maryland state park located on the Potomac River in Charles County that has been subsumed into the 1,365-acre Nanjemoy Wildlife Management Area. As the Purse Area, the former park is known for fossil hunting on the beaches of Wades Bay at the southern end of the Nanjemoy WMA. Fossil discoveries have included shark teeth and Cibicides.
The Paleontological Sites of Santa Maria are located in the city of Santa Maria, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil and dating from the Triassic. Are in the Santa Maria Formation and Caturrita Formation.
"The cell is the basic structural, functional, and biological unit of all known organisms. A cell is the smallest unit of life. Cells are often called the ""building blocks of life"". The study of cells is called cell biology, cellular biology, or cytology.
The Prudential Assurance Building is a Grade II listed, Victorian Gothic revival style office building located on Dale Street in the centre of Liverpool, England.
Nepenthes 'Miranda' is a cultivar of a manmade hybrid involving N. maxima and N. northiana. For some authors it is a more complex hybrid.
Cassano d'Adda is a town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Milan, Lombardy, Italy, located on the right side of the Adda River. It is on the border of the Metropolitan City of Milan and the province of Bergamo. It is served by Cassano d'Adda railway station.
The Myasishchev M-4 Molot was a four-engined strategic bomber designed by Vladimir Mikhailovich Myasishchev and manufactured by the Soviet Union in the 1950s to provide a Long Range Aviation bomber capable of attacking targets in North America.
Bécheresse is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
St. Athanasius' Church is a Vlach Orthodox church in Moscopole, Albania.
The Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland, often referred to as Under-Secretary of State for Scotland is a junior ministerial post in the United Kingdom government, supporting the Secretary of State for Scotland. The post was first established as the Parliamentary Under-Secretary for Health for Scotland in 1919, before becoming the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland in 1926. Additional Parliamentary Under-Secretary posts were added in 1940 and 1951 and a Minister of State post was established in 1951. In 1969-70, one of the Under-Secretary posts was replaced by an additional Minister of State. From 1974 to 1979, there were two Ministers of State and three Under-Secretaries, reverting to one Minister of State in 1979. In 1997, the second Minister of State post was reinstated, and a fourth Under-Secretary post was briefly added from August 1998.
Diana Sergeevna Davis is an American-born Russian ice dancer who represents Russia. With her partner, Gleb Smolkin, she is the 2020 Russian junior national bronze medalist, finished in the top five at the 2020 World Junior Figure Skating Championships, and competed at the 2019–20 Junior Grand Prix Final.
Khadevis Robinson is an American retired middle distance runner and currently coaches both the men's and women's cross country teams along with being an assistant track coach for the Ohio State Buckeyes.
Nordheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Obrnice is a municipality and village in Most District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic. It has a population of about 2,200.
St John's Cathedral or the Cathedral Church of St John the Divine is a cathedral of the Scottish Episcopal Church, located in the town of Oban. It is one of the two cathedrals of the Diocese of Argyll and The Isles, and one of the sees of the Bishop of Argyll and The Isles.
Philippe de Rullecourt was a French soldier who became a general of the Kingdom of France. In 1781, he was mortally wounded commanding the attempted invasion of Jersey at the Battle of Jersey.
"Danny Weinkauf is a Grammy-winning New York-based musician and composer. He has been the longtime bassist for They Might Be Giants. He has recorded and toured with the band since the late 1990s. Weinkauf had previously performed in a band called Lincoln along with TMBG's guitarist Dan Miller and drummer Gonzalo Martinez De La Cotera. He has written four songs for TMBG, all for their children's albums. Weinkauf wrote and sang ""Where Do They Make Balloons?"" on the children's album No!, ""Number Two"" from Here Come The 123s, ""I Am a Paleontologist"" from Here Comes Science, and ""Elephants"" from Why? He also played bass alongside bandmate John Flansburgh for his solo project Mono Puff, in addition to providing additional bass on John Linnell's State Songs album.
Jenna Morasca is an American actress, former swimsuit model and American reality TV contestant who was the million-dollar grand prize winner of Survivor: The Amazon in 2003. In 2009, she worked for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
The Church and Santa Casa da Misericórdia is a former church and hospital in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil. It was established as a branch of the Santa Casa da Misericórdia in 1549. It now functions as a museum, the Misericórdia Museum.
The Trenck family is one of Prussia's preeminent aristocratic families of ancient nobility. Over time, several family members were made Freiherrn and Grafen. Hereditary titles held by the v.d. Trenck gen. Stier family include Graf von der Trenck gen. Stier and Freiherr von der Trenck gen. Stier.
Podturn is a small settlement to the south of Trebelno in the Municipality of Mokronog-Trebelno in southeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Rudolf Stahlecker was a German geologist and biology teacher.
Mogami Station is a railway station in the town of Mogami, Yamagata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
32 Battalion was a light infantry battalion of the South African Army founded in 1975, composed of black and white commissioned and enlisted personnel. It was disbanded on 26 March 1993.
A biscuit in the United States and Canada, is a variety of small baked goods with a firm browned crust and a soft, crumbly interior. They are usually made with baking powder or baking soda as a chemical leavening agent rather than yeast. They developed from hardtack which was first made from only flour and water, with later first lard and then baking powder being added.
Rafael da Silva Nascimento, commonly known as Rafael Nascimento, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Oman Club in Oman First Division League.
Brier Creek is a 123-mile-long tributary of the Savannah River in the U.S. state of Georgia. It rises in Warren County east of Camak and flows southeast to the Savannah River in Screven County, 12 miles east of Sylvania.
Dennis B. Ross is an American diplomat and author. He has served as the Director of Policy Planning in the State Department under President George H. W. Bush, the special Middle East coordinator under President Bill Clinton, and was a special adviser for the Persian Gulf and Southwest Asia to the former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
Farciennes is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut. On January 1, 2006, Farciennes had a total population of 11,099. The total area is 10.39 km² which gives a population density of 1,069 inhabitants per km². It is located on the entre-Sambre-et-Meuse in the periphery of Charleroi.
The Manhasset Viaduct is a railroad bridge located between the Village of Thomaston and the Hamlet of Manhasset, on Long Island, in the State of New York. It carries the Port Washington Branch of the Long Island Rail Road.
New Albany is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio, located 15 miles northeast of the state capital of Columbus. Most of the city is located in Franklin County and a small portion extends into adjacent Licking County. New Albany had an estimated population of 10,933 in 2019, up from 7,724 at the 2010 census. Founded in 1837, it is now a growing suburb in the Columbus area. Per the U.S. Census Bureau, 75.4% of New Albany residents over the age of 25 are college graduates, the median home value is $494,600 and the median household income is $203,194.
Corod is a commune in Galai County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Blânzi, Brtuleti, Crpceti and Corod.
MMC Corporation Berhad is a Malaysian utility and infrastructure conglomerate, with diversified businesses under three divisions: Energy & Utilities, Ports & Logistics, and Engineering. Syed Mokhtar Albukhary is the company's biggest shareholder at 51%, while several government-linked investment companies own over 30%.
Strobilurus is a genus of fungi in the family Physalacriaceae. The genus has a widespread distribution in temperate regions, and contains 10 species. Species of Strobilurus grow on pine cones.
The 2013 Heart of Dallas Bowl was played on January 1, 2013, at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas, Texas, as one of the 2012–13 NCAA football bowl games. The game featured a matchup between the Purdue Boilermakers football team and the Oklahoma State Cowboys football team. ESPNU televised the game.
Abram Creek, in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, is a tributary of the Rocky River, draining 10.6 square miles in parts of Berea, Brook Park, Cleveland, Middleburg Heights, and a very small portion of Parma Heights.
Skenderaj or Srbica is a town and municipality located in the Mitrovica District of Kosovo. According to the 2011 census, the town of Skënderaj has 9,372 inhabitants, while the municipality has 50,858 inhabitants.
Mia-ri is one of largest red-light districts in Seoul, South Korea. Located in the Wolgok-dong area at Gireum Station, it is also known as Miari Texas or Texas Miari after the American servicemen that helped popularise the area. The area is entered through a curtain at the entrance to an alleyway. Several other alleys come off this alley. Outside each of the buildings stands an ajumma, who tries to entice clients to enter.
The G. V. Kurdyumov Institute for Metal Physics of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine is one of the oldest research institutions of physical science within the Academy.
Higashi-Kiyokawa Station is a railway station on the Kururi Line operated by East Japan Railway Company in Kisarazu, Chiba Prefecture, Japan.
Hui Ruoqi is a former female Chinese volleyball player. She is the Outside Hitter and the fifteenth Captain of China women's national volleyball team, and plays for Jiangsu. She retired in 2018.
Tropical Storm Soudelor, known in the Philippines as Tropical Depression Gorio, was a weak tropical cyclone that produced deadly flooding in the Philippines, China and Vietnam in July 2009. Forming out of an area of low pressure on July 9, Soudelor failed to maintain deep convection around its center for the duration of its existence. On July 10, the depression brushed the northern Philippines and intensified into a tropical storm on July 11. Later that day, the storm crossed the Leizhou Peninsula. The last public advisory from the JMA was issued the following day after Soudelor made landfall in southern China.
Stanovice is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
IMT Atlantique Bretagne Pays de la Loire is a leading french engineering school which was created on January 1, 2017 through the merger of the École nationale supérieure des mines de Nantes and Telecom Bretagne. The engineering school is part of the Grandes Écoles, a prestigious group of French institutions dedicated to engineering, scientific research, and business education.
Bali Pratipad, also called as Bali Padyami, Padva, Virapratipada or Dyutapratipada, is the fourth day of Diwali, the Hindu festival of lights. It is celebrated in honour of the notional return of the daitya-king Bali to earth. Bali Padyami falls in the Gregorian calendar months October–November. It is the first day of the Hindu month Kartika and is the start of the bright lunar fortnight. In many parts of India such as Gujarat, Maharashtra and Karnataka, it is the traditional New Year Day in Vikram Samvat and sometimes called the Bestu Baras or Varsha Pratipada.
United Nations Security Council resolution 1606, adopted unanimously on 20 June 2005, after reaffirming its support for the Arusha Peace Agreement regarding the situation in Burundi, the Council requested the Secretary-General Kofi Annan to begin negotiations on a truth commission and special chamber within the country's court system.
Thomas Bayes was an English statistician, philosopher and Presbyterian minister who is known for formulating a specific case of the theorem that bears his name: Bayes' theorem. Bayes never published what would become his most famous accomplishment; his notes were edited and published after his death by Richard Price.
Hiroshi Kisanuki is a former Japanese professional baseball pitcher for the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball. He previously played for the Yomiuri Giants from 2003 to 2009. He won the Central League Rookie of the Year Award in 2003.
Go Shiozaki is a Japanese professional wrestler, currently signed to the Pro Wrestling Noah promotion. He made his debut for the promotion in July 2004 and remained with it until the end of 2012. In January 2013, Shiozaki joined All Japan Pro Wrestling, where he became a one-time Triple Crown Heavyweight Champion and a two-time World Tag Team Champion, before resigning from the promotion in September 2015. Afterwards, he returned to Noah, where, in May 2016, he won the GHC Heavyweight Championship for the third time. He has also worked for American promotions Ring of Honor and Full Impact Pro, winning the latter's World Heavyweight Championship. In August 2016, Shiozaki was appointed the chairman of Noah's wrestlers' association.
Boriša Simani is a Serbian professional basketball player for Crvena zvezda mts of the Basketball League of Serbia, the Adriatic League and the EuroLeague.
Greville Ewan Janner, Baron Janner of Braunstone, QC was a British politician, barrister and writer. He became a Leicester Labour MP in the 1970 general election as a last-minute candidate, succeeding his father. He was an MP until 1997, and then elevated to the House of Lords. Never a frontbencher, Janner was particularly known for his work on Select Committees; he chaired the Select Committee on Employment for a time. He was associated with a number of Jewish organisations including the Board of Deputies of British Jews, of which he was chairman from 1978 to 1984, and was later prominent in the field of education about the Holocaust.
Luri, also known as Lee Su-hyun, is a South Korean singer and actress. She is known as a former contestant of Produce 101 and as a member of the girl group I.B.I, which debuted in 2016.
Longci District, alternatively spelled Longqi. is a rural district of about 4,195 residents in Tainan, Taiwan.
Steak and eggs is a dish prepared with beefsteak and eggs as primary ingredients. It is most typically served as a breakfast or brunch food, but may be consumed at any mealtime, such as for dinner in the evening.
Nová Ves is a village and municipality in Žár nad Sázavou District in the Vysoina Region of the Czech Republic.
Stvolová is a village and municipality in Blansko District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. It lies on the Svitava River.
Oenothera speciosa is a species of evening primrose known by several common names, including pinkladies, pink evening primrose, showy evening primrose, Mexican primrose, amapola, and buttercups.
Dane Massey is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Dundalk in the League of Ireland Premier Division. He has also played for Bray Wanderers and for the Republic of Ireland national futsal team. Massey has made all 14 of his appearances in European competition for Dundalk and was part of their team that became the first Irish side to reach the play-off round of the UEFA Champions League in August 2016.
Herat is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan, located in the western part of the country. Together with Badghis, Farah, and Ghor provinces, it makes up the north-western region of Afghanistan. Its primary city and administrative capital is Herat City. The province of Herat is divided into about 17 districts and contains over 1,000 villages. It has a population of about 1,780,000, making it the second most populated province in Afghanistan behind Kabul Province. The population is multi-ethnic but largely Persian-speaking.
Reginópolis is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. The population is 8,640 in an area of 410.8 km². The elevation is 391 m.
Vargas & Lagola are a Swedish songwriting and production duo of Vincent Pontare and Salem Al Fakir.
Fa11out are an audio visual group from Tuzla, Bosnia and Herzegovina consisting of Irfan Brkovic and Senad Nurkanovi formed in 2007. Their performance consists of live visuals and progressive drum and bass music. Fa11out have released music on Cause 4 Concern and Bad Taste Recordings from UK.
Grimentz is a village in the district of Sierre in the Swiss canton of Valais. An independent municipality before, it merged on 1 January 2009 with neighboring Ayer, Chandolin, Saint Jean, Saint-Luc and Vissoie to form the municipality of Anniviers.
The Chapel of St. John-by-the-Lake on Main Street in Onekama, Michigan, is a summer chapel of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the Episcopal Diocese of Western Michigan. A 9 a.m. Study service is conducted during the summer months by a members of the clergy in the diocese who utilize a nearby cottage for a vacation period on a rotating basis. The chapel retains its original, century-old rustic interior and its original pine pews.
The Harlan County Reservoir includes a dam and a reservoir of 13,250 acres located in Harlan County in south-central Nebraska. Its southernmost part extends into northern Phillips County, Kansas. The reservoir is formed by a dam constructed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers on the Republican River, which starts in Colorado and ends in Kansas.
Shin Dong-hee, better known by his stage name Shindong, is a South Korean singer, dancer, rapper, MC, and radio personality. He is best known as a member of the K-pop boy band Super Junior and its subgroups Super Junior-T and Super Junior-H.
John Bysse was a member of the Parliament of Ireland during the 1630s and 1640s. He was excluded from office during the Interregnum, but became one of the most senior Irish judges after the Restoration of Charles II.
Phyllomedusa bicolor, also known as the blue-and-yellow frog, bicoloured tree-frog, giant monkey frog, giant leaf frog, or waxy-monkey treefrog, is a species of leaf frog. It can be found in the Amazon basin of Brazil, Colombia, Bolivia, and Peru, and can also be found in the Guianan Region of Venezuela and the Guianas, and in Cerrado of the state of Maranhão in Brazil.
Malenice is a village and municipality in Strakonice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Témiscouata-sur-le-Lac is a municipality in Quebec, Canada, situated in the MRC of Témiscouata in the Bas-Saint-Laurent region. The city was created on May 5, 2010 from the mergers of the city of Cabano and Notre-Dame-du-Lac. The new city was called Cabano–Notre-Dame-du-Lac until November 13, 2010.
The Lignon du Velay is an 85.1-kilometre long river in the Ardèche and Haute-Loire departments, south-central France. Its source is near Chaudeyrolles. It flows generally north. It is a right tributary of the Loire, into which it flows at Pont de Lignon, a hamlet in Monistrol-sur-Loire.
Petermann Fjord is a fjord in northwestern Greenland. Administratively it marks the boundary between the Avannaata municipality and the Northeast Greenland National Park.
Cesáreo Fernández Duro was a Spanish professional naval officer, writer, scholar and historian.
"Pogonomyrmex occidentalis, or the western harvester ant, is a species of ant that inhabits the deserts and arid grasslands of the American West at or below 6,300 feet. Like other harvester ants in the genus Pogonomyrmex, it is so called because of its habit of collecting edible seeds and other food items. The specific epithet ""occidentalis"", meaning ""of the west"", refers to the fact that it is characteristic of the interior of the Western United States; its mounds of gravel, surrounded by areas denuded of plant life, are a conspicuous feature of rangeland. When numerous, they may cause such loss of grazing plants and seeds, as to constitute both a severe ecological and economic burden. They have a painful and venomous sting."
The Serpentine is a 40-acre recreational lake in Hyde Park, London, England, created in 1730 at the behest of Queen Caroline. Although it is common to refer to the entire body of water as the Serpentine, strictly the name refers only to the eastern half of the lake. Serpentine Bridge, which marks the boundary between Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens, also marks the Serpentine's western boundary; the long and narrow western half of the lake is known as the Long Water. The Serpentine takes its name from its snakelike, curving shape, although it only has one bend.
Samuel Carr Forker was a Democratic Party politician who represented New Jersey's 2nd congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1871–1873.
The Western Auto Building, first known as the Coca-Cola Building or the Candler Building, after owner Asa Griggs Candler, is located at 2107 Grand Boulevard, in the Crossroads neighborhood of Kansas City, Missouri. It was built in 1914. Later it served as the headquarters of the Western Auto Supply Company, and became known by that association, especially when the company put a multi-story lighted sign on top of the building.
Fairdale is a city in Walsh County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 38 at the 2010 census. Fairdale was founded in 1905.
Macgregor Fullarton MacIntosh was a Canadian politician. He served in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1937 to 1941, as a Conservative member for the constituency of The Islands.
Yya Onaka is a professional Japanese baseball player. He plays pitcher for the Hanshin Tigers.
The 2nd Panzergrenadier Division was a West German mechanized infantry formation. It was part of the III Corps of the Bundeswehr, which also incorporated in 1985 the 5th Panzer Division and 12th Panzer Division. III Corps was part of NATO's Central Army Group, along with the Bundeswehr's II Corps and the American V and VII Corps. In the wake of military restructuring brought about by the end of the Cold War, the 2nd Panzergrenadier Division was disbanded in 1994.
Honister Crag SSSI is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in Cumbria, England. It is designated for both biological and geological interest. The site covers an area of 302.9 ha on Honister Crag, from which it takes its name, and Fleetwith Pike, an adjacent fell.
Mari was an ancient Semitic city-state in modern-day Syria. Its remains constitute a tell located 11 kilometers north-west of Abu Kamal on the Euphrates river western bank, some 120 kilometers southeast of Deir ez-Zor. It flourished as a trade center and hegemonic state between 2900 BC and 1759 BC. As a purposely-built city, the existence of Mari was related to its position in the middle of the Euphrates trade routes; this position made it an intermediary between Sumer in the south and the Eblaite kingdom and the Levant in the west.
Liberty Grove is a town in Door County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,858 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated communities of Ellison Bay, Gills Rock, North Bay, Northport, and Rowleys Bay are in the town.
The barred buttonquail or common bustard-quail is a buttonquail, one of a small family of birds which resemble, but are unrelated to, the true quails. This species is resident from India across tropical Asia to south China, Indonesia and the Philippines.
Maine is a town in Outagamie County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 831 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated community of Leeman is located in the town.
KwaZulu-Natal is a province in South Africa. Before 1994, KwaZulu-Natal was made up of the province of Natal and the KwaZulu homeland.
John Russell is an acoustic guitarist who has worked in the field of free improvisation since the 1970s. He has promoted concerts and has appeared on more than 50 recordings.
Kyle Egan Richards is an American actress, socialite, television personality, and philanthropist. She began her career as a child actress, appearing in a recurring role on Little House on the Prairie, and in several horror films, including The Car, Tobe Hooper's Eaten Alive, and John Carpenter's Halloween, and later Halloween Kills. Since 2010, she has appeared as a main cast member on The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, and as of 2020, is the last remaining original cast member on the show. She was a contestant on The New Celebrity Apprentice, playing for the charity Children's Hospital Los Angeles.
Starting its activities in 1813, the Royal Conservatory of Brussels received its official name in 1832. Providing performing music and drama courses, the institution became renowned partly because of the international reputation of its successive directors such as François-Joseph Fétis, François-Auguste Gevaert, Edgar Tinel, Joseph Jongen or Marcel Poot, but more because it has been attended by many of the top musicians, actors and artists in Belgium such as Arthur Grumiaux, José Van Dam, Sigiswald Kuijken, Josse De Pauw, Luk van Mello and Luk De Konink. Adolphe Sax, inventor of the saxophone, also studied at the Brussels Conservatory.
Barfold is a locality situated on the Heathcote-Kyneton Road in Victoria, Australia. It has a community hall, Barfold Hall, and an Anglican church, Barfold Union Church.
Lithachne is a genus of Neotropical plants in the grass family.
Orot Rabin is a power station, as of 2016 Israel's largest. It is currently a 2.59GW coal-fired plant, although some of its generating units are in the process of conversion to a single-shaft combined-cycle gas power plant. It is situated on the Mediterranean coast in Hadera, Israel and is owned and operated by the Israel Electric Corporation. The older, unmodernised four of its total six coal-fuelled units will be closed by mid-2022 in order to eliminate this major source of air pollution in the country.
Tropical Storm Beryl was a strong Atlantic tropical storm. It was the second tropical cyclone of the 2012 Atlantic hurricane season. Beryl formed on May 26 from a low-pressure system. This system was near the East Coast of the United States. It was described as a subtropical storm. However, it slowly became stronger and was upgraded to a tropical storm on May 27. It upgraded because it moved to warmer water. Beryl is responsible for floods in Cuba. This caused a mudslide that left two people missing. Beryl caused rough surf to beaches in Florida, Georgia and South Carolina. In South Carolina, one person was reported missing.
Chantal Petitclerc, CC CQ MSM is a Canadian wheelchair racer and a Senator from Quebec.
Port Louisa National Wildlife Refuge is a 10,780-acre National Wildlife Refuge located on the Mississippi River at the border of Illinois and Iowa. The refuge is east of Wapello, in Louisa County, Iowa and Mercer County, Illinois.
Joseph Malcolm Harris is an American professional basketball player for the Brooklyn Nets of the National Basketball Association. He played college basketball for the University of Virginia before being selected with the 33rd overall pick in the 2014 NBA draft by the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Sambaina is the name of several towns and communes in Madagascar. Sambaina belongs to the district of Manjakandriana, which is a part of Analamanga Region. The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 7,000 in 2001 commune census.
"Neustadt am Main Abbey was an abbey of the Benedictine Order in Neustadt am Main, Bavaria, Germany. It existed from the 8th century until the dissolution of abbeys in the course of secularization in 1803. During its heyday in the early Middle Ages, the abbey was a political power that vied for regional influence with the Prince-bishops of Würzburg, the Archbishops of Mainz and the Counts of Rieneck. Today its location is occupied by a monastery operated by the nuns of the ""Dominican Order of Saint Catherine of Siena"", also known as Kloster Neustadt. The former abbey church today serves as the Catholic parish church for Neustadt."
HMS Sussex was an 80-gun third-rate ship of the line of the English Royal Navy, lost in a severe storm on 1 March 1694 off Gibraltar. On board were possibly 10 tons of gold coins. This could now be worth more than $500 million, including the bullion and antiquity values, making it one of the most valuable wrecks ever.
Owyhee is a census-designated place in Elko County, Nevada, United States, along the banks of the Owyhee River. The population was 953 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Elko Micropolitan Statistical Area. It is the primary town of the federally recognized Shoshone-Paiute tribe's Duck Valley Indian Reservation, which covers portions of northern Nevada and southern Idaho, and the majority of its population are Native American.
Sean Michael Franklin is an American former soccer player who played as a defender.
Schmöckwitz is a German locality within the Berlin borough of Treptow-Köpenick. Until 2001 it was part of the former borough of Köpenick.
Albert George Hill was a British track and field athlete. He competed at the 1920 Olympics and won gold medals in the 800 m and 1500 m and a silver medal in the 3000 m team race.
Port Augusta is a small city in South Australia. Formerly a seaport, it is now a road traffic and railway junction city mainly located on the east coast of the Spencer Gulf immediately south of the gulf's head and about 322 kilometres north of the state capital, Adelaide. The suburb of Port Augusta West is located on the west side of the gulf on the Eyre Peninsula. Other major industries included, up until the mid-2010s, electricity generation. At June 2018, the estimated urban population was 13,799, having declined at an average annual rate of -0.53% over the preceding five years.
General Lord William Frederick Ernest Seymour KCVO, known as William Seymour until 1871, was a senior British Army officer.
Fagraea auriculata is a species of bush or semi-liana in the family Gentianaceae. It can be found in Indo-China and Malesia; in Viet Nam it is called trai tai.
Girardinus falcatus, the goldbelly topminnow, is a species of Cuban tropical fish. Another common name of the species is yellow belly. The fish is pale gold and has a bright blue iris. Males are smaller than females and constantly mate.
Cassin's kingbird is a large tyrant flycatcher native to western North America. The name of this bird commemorates the American ornithologist John Cassin.
Abbott Lawrence Rotch was an American meteorologist and founder of the Blue Hill Meteorological Observatory, the longest continually operating observation site in the United States and an important site for world climatology.
The Troy Transit Center is an unstaffed train station in Troy, Michigan, United States, that is served by Amtrak's Wolverine, which runs thrice daily between Chicago, Illinois, and Pontiac, Michigan. It is also served by Suburban Mobility Authority for Regional Transportation. The transit center replaced the nearby Birmingham Amtrak station in October 2014.
Bradd Dalziell is a former Australian rules footballer for the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League. He was drafted to the Brisbane Lions with selection 52 of 2007 AFL National Draft from the East Fremantle Football Club in the West Australian Football League.
iso Station is a railway station on the Tokaido Main Line in iso, Kanagawa, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
Big Mink Lake is a fresh water lake in the St. Lawrence River drainage basin in Hastings Highlands, Hastings County, Ontario, Canada. It is about 5 kilometres west of the community of Lake St. Peter on Highway 127 and 25 kilometres northwest of Bancroft.
Phra Nakhon Khiri is a historical park in Phetchaburi, Thailand on a hill overlooking the city. The name Phra Nakhon Khiri means 'holy city hill', but locals know it better as Khao Wang, meaning 'hill with palace'.
Cuincy is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Huxley is a tiny lunar impact crater located in eastern inlet of Mare Imbrium, just to the north of the Montes Apenninus. It was named after British biologist Thomas Henry Huxley. To the southeast in this range is Mons Ampère. This crater was previously identified as Wallace B before being renamed by the IAU. The crater Wallace lies due west.
Dionysios Soter was an Indo-Greek king in the area of eastern Punjab.
Hjørdis Grøntoft Raknerud was a Norwegian architect. She was one of Scandinavia's earliest female architects, practising in Norway and Sweden from 1898.
Slieveboy is a mountain located in north County Wexford, Ireland.
Jmi’ah al-Ahmadyyah is an International Islamic seminary and educational institute with campuses in Pakistan, United Kingdom, India, Ghana, Canada, Germany, Nigeria, Indonesia, Bangladesh, Malaysia, Tanzania, Sri Lanka, Sierra Leone, and Kenya. In addition, there are affiliated Mu'alameen centers in Pakistan and Madagascar. Founded in 1906 as a Section in Madrassa Talim ul Islam by Mirza Ghulam Ahmad of Qadian, the founder of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, it is the main centre of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community for Islamic learning.
Athalia is a village in Lawrence County, Ohio, United States, along the Ohio River. The population was 373 at the 2010 census.
Maxwell Reid Thurman was a U.S. Army general, Vice Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army, and former commander of United States Army Training and Doctrine Command.
Auburn is a city in Shawnee County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 1,227.
Kihei is a census-designated place in Maui County, Hawaii, United States. The population was 20,881 at the 2010 census.
Established in 2001, the Economic Development and Research Center is a Yerevan based non-profit, nonpartisan think-tank dedicated to addressing economic and social challenges and contributing to public policy discourse in Armenia.
Emmanuil Lipkind was a Russian-Israeli painter. He was born in Kazan, Russia and lived in Moscow beginning in 1964. In 1994, he moved with his wife to Israel. He was a member of the International Association of Art and of the Russian Artist Union. Many of his works are kept in Russian museums, in the Yad va Shem Memorial in Israel as well as in private collections. Lipkind worked in Latvia, former Yugoslavia, Middle Asian Countries and Israel.
Latiao is a popular Chinese snack. The main raw materials are wheat flour and chili. After adding water, salt, sugar, natural pigment and other surface, the flour is extruded under high temperature, then mixed with chili and other seasonings including preservatives whose component matches Chinese food additive Standard GB2760.
Los Pedroches is a natural region and comarca in Córdoba Province, Andalusia, southern Spain. It is located in the Sierra Morena area at the northern end of the province. The main town is Pozoblanco.
The stellated octahedron is the only stellation of the octahedron. It is also called the stella octangula, a name given to it by Johannes Kepler in 1609, though it was known to earlier geometers. It was depicted in Pacioli's De Divina Proportione, 1509.
Schleswig station is the station of the city of Schleswig in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein. It is located on the Neumünster–Flensburg and Husum–Jübek-Schleswig–Kiel lines. It is currently operated by Deutsche Bahn, which classifies it as a category 5 station.
Antis Township is a township in Blair County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 6,499 at the 2010 census.
The Cadillac Series 61 replaced the Series 60/65 in Cadillac's 1939 model range. It in turn was replaced by the Series 62 in 1940 only to return to production in model year 1941. Apart from model years 1943–1945 It remained in production through 1951.
Zvole is a municipality and village in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 1,900 inhabitants.
Popasna Raion is a raion in Luhansk Oblast of eastern Ukraine. The administrative center is the town of Popasna. Population: 40,696.
The Raj of Sarawak, also State of Sarawak, was an independent state, and later a British protectorate, located in the northwestern part of the island of Borneo. It was established as an independent state from a series of land concessions acquired by an Englishman, James Brooke, from the Sultanate of Brunei. Sarawak received recognition as an independent state from the United States in 1850, and from the United Kingdom in 1864.
Jean-Claude Nallet is a retired French sprinter. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in the 400 m and 4 × 400 m relay and at the 1976 Summer Olympics in the 400 m hurdles and reached the final in the relay. He won two gold and two silver medals in these events at the European championships of 1969-1974. Nallet retired after finishing sixth in the 400 m hurdles at the 1978 European Athletics Championships. He is married to French Olympic gymnast Chantal Seggiaro.
"Sabal mexicana is a species of palm tree that is native to far southern North America. Common names include Rio Grande palmetto, Mexican palmetto, Texas palmetto, Texas sabal palm, palmmetto cabbage and palma de mícharos. The specific epithet, ""mexicana"", is Latin for ""of Mexico."""
Hydatellaceae are a family of small, aquatic flowering plants. The family consists of tiny, relatively simple, plants occurring in Australasia and India. It was formerly considered to be related to the grasses and sedges, but has been reassigned to the order Nymphaeales as a result of DNA and morphological analyses showing that it represents one of the earliest groups to split off in flowering-plant phylogeny, rather than having a close relationship to monocots, which it bears a superficial resemblance to due to convergent evolution. The family includes only the genus Trithuria, which has at least 13 species, although species diversity in the family has probably been substantially underestimated.
Joshiko Saibou is a German professional basketball player, who lastly played for Telekom Baskets Bonn of the Basketball Bundesliga. Saibou usually played as point guard.
"Carapulcra, or carapulca, is an ancient Andean dish that has been prepared for centuries by both Quechua peoples and Aymara peoples. The original term for this dish in the Aymara language is ""qala phurk'a,"" which means a stew made with hot stones. It is a Peruvian cuisine and Bolivian cuisine stew of pork and papa seca, with peanuts, aji panca and mirasol peppers, garlic, and other spices like clove. It is a modern adaptation of a traditional Andean soup dish. In ancient times llama meat or alpaca meat would have been used, and some people still use these meats today. It is usually eaten with rice, boiled potatoes or yuca."
Shenzhen Metro Line 4, runs South–North from Futian Checkpoint to Qinghu. The line serves Futian District and Longhua District of Shenzhen.
The Hamilton-Holly House, located at 4 St. Mark's Place in the East Village section of Manhattan, is a Federal style townhouse constructed in 1831. A designated landmark, it was the home of Eliza Hamilton, the widow of Alexander Hamilton, from 1833 to 1842. The Trash and Vaudeville fashion store was located there for over forty years ending in 2016.
The 357th Fighter Group was an air combat unit of the United States Army Air Forces during the Second World War. The 357th operated P-51 Mustang aircraft as part of the U.S. Eighth Air Force and its members were known unofficially as the Yoxford Boys after the village of Yoxford near their base in the UK.
Riho Terras is an Estonian Army general and former Commander of the Estonian Defence Forces. Terras briefly served as the Chief of the General Staff in 2011, until he was appointed Commander-in-Chief on 5 December 2011. He was promoted to general in 2017.
Leptodactylus furnarius is a species of frogs in the family Leptodactylidae. It is found in Brazil and Uruguay. Its natural habitats are moist savanna, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, freshwater marshes, intermittent freshwater marshes, pastureland, plantations, rural gardens, and ponds. It is threatened by habitat loss.
The British Mountaineering Council is the national representative body for England and Wales that exists to protect the freedoms and promote the interests of climbers, hill walkers and mountaineers, including ski-mountaineers. The BMC are also recognised by government as the national governing body for competition climbing.
"Men Without Women is an American 1930 pre-Code drama film directed and written by John Ford, from the script by James Kevin McGuinness. The film also starred Kenneth MacKenna, Frank Albertson, and J. Farrell MacDonald. The sound version is now lost. Only a print of the ""International Sound Version"", held by the Museum of Modern Art, survives."
Utah Department of Public Safety is a law enforcement agency in the State of Utah, headquartered in Taylorsville.
Simon Sulaiman is a Syrian-born Dutch strongman competitor and entrant to the World's Strongest Man competition.
Svatá is a municipality and village in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Edward Linskens is a Dutch retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder, mainly for PSV.
David Wagner is an American wheelchair tennis player. Paralyzed from the mid-chest down and with thirty percent function in his hands, he competes in the Quad division. He plays by taping the tennis racket to his hand. He is currently ranked number three in the world in singles and number two in doubles.
The Bitzer's Mill Covered Bridge is a covered bridge that spans the Conestoga River in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is the oldest bridge in the county still in use. A county-owned and maintained bridge, its official designation is the Big Conestoga #2 Bridge. The bridge is also called Martin's Mill Bridge, Eberly's Cider Mill Covered Bridge, and Fiand's/Fiantz's Covered Bridge.
Buchloe is a town in Swabia in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the Ostallgäu district.
USS Estocin, ninth ship of the Oliver Hazard Perry class of guided-missile frigates, was named for Captain Michael John Estocin. Ordered from Bath Iron Works on 27 February 1976 as part of the FY76 program, Estocin was laid down on 2 April 1979, launched on 3 November 1979, and commissioned on 10 January 1981.
The Berezina was a fleet replenishment ship used by the Soviet Navy and by the Russian Navy. She was only ship of Project 1859. She was under the patronage of the city of Zelenograd.
Planica 1950 was an International ski flying week with four competitions held from 12—19 March 1950 in Planica, PR Slovenia, FPR Yugoslavia. A total over 50,000 people has gathered in the whole week.
Southport is an Excluded City in Marion County, Indiana, United States. The population was 1,712 at the 2010 census.
Minat al-Qal'a, sometimes wrongly named Qal'at al-Mina, is a medieval coastal fort protecting the port known as Ashdod-Yam, which was historically separate from Ashdod proper but whose archaeological remains are today located on the southern beach of the sprawling modern city of Ashdod. The fort has been built by the Umayyads and later restored and used again by the Crusaders.
Leptokarya is a town in Pieria regional unit, Central Macedonia, Greece, former seat of East Olympos municipality, which is part of the municipality of Dio-Olympos. The distance from Katerini is 26 km and the population of the village was 4,225 inhabitants as of 2011.
Frederick William II, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck was a Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck. He served as Prussian field marshal and was appointed Governor of Berlin, but never filled the latter position.
Christoffel Pierson was a Dutch Golden Age painter.
Maryland Route 624 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Maryland. The state highway runs 3.02 miles from MD 165 in Pylesville north to State Route 2080 at the Pennsylvania state line a short distance north of its intersection with MD 136 at Graceton. MD 624 was constructed in the mid-1930s.
Auburn is a city in Lee County, Alabama, United States. It is the largest city in eastern Alabama. In 2009, it had a population of 57,833. It is a principal city of the Auburn-Opelika Metropolitan Area.
John-Olav Einemo is a retired Norwegian mixed martial artist. He is also a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner, with the highlight of his career being the win in the ADCC Submission Wrestling World Championship in 2003. He is the only man to defeat multiple-time BJJ champion Roger Gracie in the ADCC Submission Wrestling World Championship tournament. He holds a black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
The Rumour were an English rock band in the late 1970s and early 1980s. They are best known as the backup band for Graham Parker, whose early records were credited to Graham Parker & The Rumour. However, The Rumour were also recording artists in their own right, releasing three albums: Max, Frogs, Sprouts, Clogs and Krauts, and Purity of Essence.
Ivica Vrdoljak is a Croatian professional retired footballer.
The Kanakerha inscription, also spelled Kanakherha inscription, is an inscription found on the side of the hill of Sanchi, dating to the 3rd or 4th century CE.
Project Andrea is the code name of an effort by the military dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet to manufacture sarin gas for use as a weapon against its opponents.
Rosé railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Avry, in the Swiss canton of Fribourg. It is an intermediate stop on the standard gauge Lausanne–Bern line of Swiss Federal Railways.
The Wild Horse Border Crossing connects the cities of Havre, Montana with Medicine Hat, Alberta on the Canada–United States border. It is reached by Montana Secondary Highway 232 on the American side and Alberta Highway 41 on the Canadian side. In 2012, the US replaced its border inspection facilities, which were originally built in 1964. Prior to that time, travelers were expected to proceed to a US Customs office in the city of Havre to report for inspection. The crossing was established in 1925. CBP and CBSA have had issues in coordinating the hours of operation at this crossing for several years.
Bouvet was a sail and steam aviso of the French Navy, lead ship of her class. She is remembered as the opponent of the German gunboat SMS Meteor during the Battle of Havana in 1870, at the outbreak of the Franco-Prussian War.
Hunsingore is a village and civil parish in the Harrogate district of North Yorkshire, England. It is situated near the River Nidd and the A1 motorway, about 20 miles west of York, and 4 miles north east of Wetherby.
The Tonkawa language was spoken in Oklahoma, Texas, and New Mexico by the Tonkawa people. A language isolate, with no known related languages, Tonkawa is now extinct. Members of the Tonkawa tribe now speak English.
Henry Spencer, 1st Earl of Sunderland, 3rd Baron Spencer of Wormleighton, known as The Lord Spencer between 1636 and June 1643, was an English peer, nobleman, and politician from the Spencer family who fought and died in the English civil war on the side of the Cavaliers.
Daisuke Fukushima is a Japanese Olympic show jumping rider. He competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, where he finished 13th in the team and was eliminated in the first round of the individual competition.
Jonathan Rommelmann is a German rower.
Megan Marie Mahoney is an American former professional basketball player. During her 14-year career, Mahoney won the Italian championship three times, in 2009, 2010 and 2012, and the Icelandic championship in 2006. In 2015, she won the EuroCup with ESB Villeneuve-d'Ascq. Mahoney was drafted by the Connecticut Sun in 2005 and played in the WNBA from 2006 to 2007.
The Boeing 367-80, known simply as the Dash 80, is an American quadjet prototype aircraft built by Boeing to demonstrate the advantages of jet propulsion for commercial aviation. It served as basis for the design of the KC-135 tanker and the 707 airliner.
The Basilica of Santa Maria della Sanità is a basilica church located over the Catacombs of San Gaudioso, on a Piazza near where Via Sanità meets Via Teresa degli Scalzi, in the Rione of the Sanità, in Naples, Italy. The church is also called San Vincenzo or San Vincenzo della Sanità, due to the cult of an icon of San Vincenzo Ferrer, also called locally O' Monacone.
The Pottier P.70 was a single-seat, single-engine sport aircraft developed in France in the 1970s and marketed for homebuilding. It was a mid-wing cantilever monoplane of conventional design with an enclosed cockpit. Originally designed with fixed, tricycle undercarriage, the plans were later revised to offer a fixed, tailwheel option. Construction throughout was of metal. A two-seat, tandem version was developed as the P.170.
Anrode is a municipality in the Unstrut-Hainich-Kreis district of Thuringia, Germany.
Pawe Franczak is a Polish cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental team Voster ATS Team.
The Thomas Swadkins House is a historic house at 160 Westminster Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts. This 2-1/2 story wood frame was built c. 1882, and features both Gothic and Italianate styling. The gable decorations and porch railing are Gothic, while the house massing and brackets are Italianate, as are the window surrounds and the round-arch window on the right side. It was one of the first houses built when the Crescent Hill area was developed in the 1880s.
"Metsimaholo Local Municipality is an administrative area in the Fezile Dabi District of the Free State in South Africa. ""Metsimaholo"" means ""big water"" in Sesotho."
Adriano González León
The Toyota Comfort, released on December 19, 1995, was designed for use as a taxicab in Japan. A long-wheelbase version, called Toyota Crown Comfort is available in Japan, Hong Kong and Singapore.
Sperry Township is a township in Clayton County, Iowa, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 534.
The Viaur is a river in southern France, left tributary of the Aveyron river. It flows through the Aveyron, Tarn and Tarn-et-Garonne departments.
Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty is an Indian Hindustani classical vocalist. He was given the Padma Bhushan Award, the third highest civilian award in India in 2020.
Pang Wei is a Chinese Olympic sports shooter. In 2008, he became the first Chinese person to win an Olympic gold medal in shooting. He won a gold medal in the 10 metre air pistol at the 2008 Summer Olympics and a bronze medal in the same event at the 2016 Summer Olympics. He also won the 2006 ISSF World Shooting Championships in the same event, at the age of 20.
"Caspar David Friedrich was a 19th-century German Romantic landscape painter, generally considered the most important German artist of his generation. He is best known for his mid-period allegorical landscapes which typically feature contemplative figures silhouetted against night skies, morning mists, barren trees or Gothic ruins. His primary interest was the contemplation of nature, and his often symbolic and anti-classical work seeks to convey a subjective, emotional response to the natural world. Friedrich's paintings characteristically set a human presence in diminished perspective amid expansive landscapes, reducing the figures to a scale that, according to the art historian Christopher John Murray, directs ""the viewer's gaze towards their metaphysical dimension"".
The impeachment trial of President Donald Trump in the United States Senate began on January 16, 2020, and ended on February 5, 2020.
Advent Sunday, also called the First Sunday of Advent or First Advent Sunday, among the Western Christian Churches, is the first day of the liturgical year and the start of the season of Advent.
Millersburg is a historic railway station located at Millersburg, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1898, by the Northern Central Railway. It is a two-story, brick and frame building in the Queen Anne style. It features a deep porch around three sides. The property also includes the stone foundation of the original baggage house. It was used as a passenger station until 1960. In 1982, it was acquired by the Historical Society of Millersburg. It is used as an information center for tourists and visitors and houses offices of the Millersburg Ferry Boat Association and Millersburg Area Chamber of Commerce.
William Nevins Armstrong, aka Nevins Armstrong and aka W. N. Armstrong, was the Attorney General of Hawaii during the reign of King David Kalkaua. He is most widely known outside of Hawaii for the book Around the World with a King, his insider account of Kalkaua's 1881 world tour.
Subodh Bhave is a popular Indian actor, writer, producer and director who is known for his work in Marathi Cinema. He has acted in many commercially successful and critically acclaimed Marathi movies. He is best known for his work in Ani... Dr. Kashinath Ghanekar, Balgandharva, Katyar Kaljat Ghusali.
Saint Benedict's Monastery is a monastery of the Sisters of the Order of Saint Benedict, in St. Joseph, Minnesota, United States.
St. David's Lighthouse is an active 19th century lighthouse sited at the eastern end of St. David's Island on a hill overlooking the headland of St. David's in Bermuda. It is one of only two 'traditional lighthouses' in Bermuda, the other being Gibbs Hill Lighthouse at the south-western end of the main island, both lights are well known tourist attractions.
Green Valley is a village in Tazewell County, Illinois, United States. It is south of Pekin near the county border along Illinois State Route 29. The population was 709 at the 2010 census
The Mammoth Mine disaster or Frick Mine explosion occurred on January 27, 1891 just after 9:00 AM in the Mammoth No. 1 mine in Mount Pleasant Township, Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania. Newspapers reported that firedamp was ignited by a miner's oil lamp, resulting in the deaths of 109 men and boys. Most of the miners were not killed by the force of the explosion, but rather were suffocated by the effects of afterdamp.
Nanaimo Harbour Water Aerodrome is a seaplane base serving the city of Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada.
Eva Pascoe is a Polish-born internet entrepreneur and consultant residing in London who co-founded Britain's first internet cafe, Cyberia. She has previously written for The Independent newspaper and is a commentator on technology matters in the media and through her own blog. She was a key figure in introducing online shopping to Topshop, and has recently contributed to the Grimsey report on the future of UK High Street shopping. She also co-founded and is chair of the thinktank Cybersalon.
Butte Valley is an unincorporated community and census-designated place named for a former settlement in Butte County, California, United States. It is located 5.5 miles southeast of Chico. A post office operated at Butte Valley from 1861 to 1871, when it was re-located to Durham. Butte Valley sits at an elevation of 351 feet. The 2010 United States census reported Butte Valley's population is 899.
Boyle is a barony in County Roscommon, Republic of Ireland.
James George Thirlwell – also known as JG Thirlwell, Clint Ruin, Frank Want, and Foetus, among other names, is an Australian singer, composer, and record producer. He is known for juxtaposing a variety of different musical styles.
McKee is a home rule-class city in Jackson County, Kentucky, in the United States. It is the seat of its county. The population was 800 at the 2010 census. The city was named for Judge George R. McKee. In 2019, the city had a vote whether to continue the prohibition of alcohol sales within the city limits, and the votes came back in favor of making the city wet.
Neerdar is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia and of Hesse, Germany. It is a left tributary of the Wilde Aa near Korbach.
Murti is a general term for an image, statue or idol of a deity or mortal in Indian culture. In Hindu temples, it is a symbolic icon. A murti is itself not a god in Hinduism, but it is a shape, embodiment or manifestation of a deity. Murti are also found in some nontheistic Jainism traditions, where they serve as symbols of revered mortals inside Jain temples, and are worshiped in murtipujaka rituals.
Dame Mary Barbara Hamilton Cartland, DBE, CStJ was an English novelist who wrote romance novels, one of the best-selling authors as well as one of the most prolific and commercially successful worldwide of the 20th century. Her 723 novels were translated into 38 languages and she continues to be referenced in the Guinness World Records for the most novels published in a single year in 1976.
The Lancia Delta is a small family car produced by Italian automobile manufacturer Lancia in three generations. The first generation was produced between 1979 and 1994, the second generation from 1993 to 1999, and the third generation from 2008 to 2014.
Najeeb Jung is a retired Indian Administrative Service officer who served as the 20th Lieutenant Governor of Delhi from July 2013 to December 2016. He previously served as the 13th Vice-Chancellor of the Jamia Millia Islamia from 2009 to 2013.
Deweese is a village in Clay County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 67 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Hastings, Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Northway Aviation Ltd is a Canadian bush airline providing scheduled and charter passenger and freight service from St. Andrews Airport, St Andrews, Manitoba, Canada utilizing both wheel and float equipped aircraft. The 22-minute Canadian documentary film, Bush Pilot: Reflections on a Canadian Myth, made in 1980 by the National Film Board of Canada and directed by Norma Bailey and Robert Lower, is about the early days of Northway Aviation and Canadian bush flying.
The Salmon River flows from the Central Oregon Coast Range to the Pacific Ocean coast of northwest Oregon in the United States. About 24 miles long, it begins and ends in Lincoln County but also flows briefly through western Polk and southern Tillamook counties. Much of its course lies within the Siuslaw National Forest.
Khumjung is a village in Khumbu Pasanglhamu rural municipality of Solukhumbu District in Province No. 1 of north-eastern Nepal. It is located in the Khumbu subregion inside Sagarmatha National Park, a world heritage site. The village is at an elevation of 3,790 metres above sea level, and is situated near Mount Khumbila.
"The Pioneer Building is a historic building in San Francisco, California. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987, as ""Pioneer Trunk Factory--C. A. Malm & Co."".
Cranzahl Dam is a dam in the Free State of Saxony in East Germany. It was built from 1949 to 1952 near Sehmatal–Cranzahl and the Bärenstein mountain in the Ore Mountains to supply drinking water to Annaberg-Buchholz and the surrounding area. Together with the Sosa Dam it was one of the two biggest dam construction projects of the newly created GDR. In keeping with the time it was called the Dam of Friendship.
Karabalar is a district of zmir Province of Turkey. It is one of the metropolitan districts of zmir. Karabalar was turned into a district by the Cabinet of Turkey on 6 March 2008.
Powhatan State Park is a state park located along the James River in Virginia. It is in Powhatan County. The park is 1,565 acres total with a 2-mile of riverfront.
The Saint Vincent amazon, also known as Saint Vincent parrot, is the only parrot that lives in the island of Saint Vincent in the Caribbean.
Le Pouget is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France. It contains the Gallardet dolmen.
Rose Osborne is a British professional racing cyclist who rides for Drops.
Placer, officially the Municipality of Placer, is a 4th class municipality in the province of Surigao del Norte, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 27,094 people.
Hedgesville is a town in Berkeley County, West Virginia, in the state's Eastern Panhandle region. The population was 318 at the 2010 census. In addition to its legal definition, Hedgesville has come to be the common name for the large and sparsely inhabited area of West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle bordered by the Potomac River to the North and East, a southern border defined roughly by an imaginary line from the city of Martinsburg to the tip of Virginia, and Berkeley Springs to the West.
Scotts Hill is a town in Decatur and Henderson counties in the U.S. state of Tennessee. The population was 984 at the 2010 census.
Gochaku Station is a railway station on the Sanyo Main Line in Himeji, Hygo, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company.
Shanley High School, is a Catholic high school located in Fargo, North Dakota and operated by the Diocese of Fargo as part of the John Paul II Catholic Schools Network. As of 2014, it served approximately 314 students. Academics are strongly oriented towards college preparatory with approximately 99% of the student body continuing to either a 2 or 4-year degree program. In addition to standard academics courses, student complete required religious education courses during each academic semester.
Xiang or Hsiang, also known as Hunanese, is a group of linguistically similar and historically related Sinitic languages, spoken mainly in Hunan province but also in northern Guangxi and parts of neighboring Guizhou and Hubei provinces. Scholars divided Xiang into five subgroups, Chang-Yi, Lou-Shao, Hengzhou, Chen-Xu and Yong-Quan. Among those, Lou-shao, also known as Old Xiang, still exhibits the three-way distinction of Middle Chinese obstruents, preserving the voiced stops, fricatives, and affricates. Xiang has also been heavily influenced by Mandarin, which adjoins three of the four sides of the Xiang speaking territory, and Gan in Jiangxi Province, from where a large population immigrated to Hunan during the Ming Dynasty.
The Alster is a right tributary of the Elbe river in Northern Germany. It has its source near Henstedt-Ulzburg, Schleswig-Holstein, flows somewhat southwards through much of the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg and joins the Elbe in central Hamburg.
The seventy-third Oregon Legislative Assembly was the Oregon Legislative Assembly's period from 2005 to 2006. There was a regular session in 2005, and a one-day special session on April 20, 2006.
Rosebud is a historic diner at 381 Summer Street in Somerville, Massachusetts near Davis Square.
Nikolai Dmitryevich Teleshov was a Russian/Soviet writer.
The Heinkel P.1077 was a single seat interceptor design developed for the Luftwaffe by Heinkel under the Emergency Fighter Program during the last year of the Third Reich. This rocket-powered project was originally known as He P.1068, but that name would later be used for a Heinkel design project for a turbojet-powered medium bomber.
Namatanai Rural LLG is a local government area in New Ireland Province, Papua New Guinea. The LLG is located in Namatanai District and the LLG headquarters is Namatanai.
"Izaskun Uranga Amézaga is a Spanish musician, who with her two sisters Estibaliz Uranga and Amaya Uranga formed the group ""Las Hermanas Urangas"", which became ""Voces y Guitarras"" and, in 1969, the well-known Spanish folk group Mocedades.
José Zamora Girona is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a winger.
Li Mingzhu is a Chinese figure skater and internationally known World and Olympic figure skating coach. She coached Chen Lu to her World title and her first Olympic bronze medal. Currently, Li works at the East West Ice Palace in Artesia, California.
Central Aroostook is an unorganized territory in Aroostook County, Maine, United States. The population was 118 at the 2010 census.
Clytha is a hamlet and historical area in Monmouthshire, Wales.
"Ryts Center Station is a station on the Tokyo Monorail in ta, Tokyo, Japan. Its name literally means ""Logistics Center"", and comes from its location near various warehousing and forwarding facilities, including Tokyo's primary rail freight terminal, Tokyo Freight Terminal."
Ceramaster is a genus of cushion stars in the family Goniasteridae. The species in this genus have no arms. They live in deeper waters than most sea stars.
2014 HQ is a sub-kilometer asteroid, classified as near-Earth object and potentially hazardous asteroid of the Aten group, approximately 400 meters in diameter. It passed 3.25 lunar distances from Earth on 8 June 2014. It was discovered on 23 April 2014 by NEOWISE. It is estimated that an impact event would have had the energy equivalent of 2,000 megatons of TNT and would have created a 5 km impact crater. The news media misleadingly nicknamed it The Beast. 2014 HQ previously passed this close to Earth in 1952 and will not again until at least 2307. Radar imaging suggests it may be a contact binary.
Margaret Young Taylor was a member of the inaugural general presidency of the Young Ladies' National Mutual Improvement Association, now the Young Women organization of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints from 1880 to 1887. She was one of the plural wives of John Taylor, a president of the LDS Church.
Claire Lutz is an American female kite surfer and lives in Orlando. Claire has been a huge influence and presence in women’s slider riding in kiteboarding and has recently made waves in cable riding. She’s been featured in many publications and websites from Alliance Wake to Stance Planet. She is currently starring in a YouTube series, Wake Town.
José Emilio Santamaría Iglesias is a retired football central defender and manager.
The 2002–03 South Pacific cyclone season was the most active and longest tropical cyclone season since 1997–98, with ten tropical cyclones occurring within the South Pacific basin between 160°E and 120°W. The season started earlier than normal, with two systems developing before the official start of the season on November 1, 2002, while the final system dissipated on June 9, 2003, after the season had officially ended on April 30. During the season, tropical cyclones were officially monitored by the Regional Specialized Meteorological Centre in Nadi, Fiji and the Tropical Cyclone Warning Centres in Brisbane, Australia and Wellington, New Zealand. The United States Armed Forces through the Joint Typhoon Warning Center, also monitored the basin and issued unofficial warnings for American interests. RSMC Nadi attaches a number and an F suffix to tropical disturbances that occur within the basin, while the JTWC designates significant tropical cyclones with a number and a P suffix.
Lourenties is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Adrias was a Type III Hunt-class destroyer that was originally built for the Royal Navy as HMS Border but never commissioned. Before her completion, she was loaned to the Royal Hellenic Navy on 20 July 1942 and commissioned as Adrias on 5 August 1942 in order to relieve heavy losses of ships sustained by the Royal Hellenic Navy during the German invasion of 1941 and throughout the war. Adrias took her name from the ancient Greek town of Adria in Italy, at the mouth of the Po river, after which the Adriatic Sea is named.
Carlos Andrés Muñoz Rojas is a Chilean footballer that plays for C.D. Antofagasta as a striker.
Banksia brownii, commonly known as feather-leaved banksia or Brown's banksia, is a species of shrub that grows in southwest Western Australia. Department of Environment and Conservation. An attractive plant with fine feathery leaves and large red-brown flower spikes, it usually grows as an upright bush around two metres high, but can also occur as a small tree or a low spreading shrub. First collected in 1829 and published the following year, it is placed in Banksia subgenus Banksia, section Oncostylis, series Spicigerae. There are two genetically distinct forms.
Zerah Colburn was a child prodigy of the 19th century who gained fame as a mental calculator.
Sharon Anita Robinson is an Antarctic researcher known for her work on climate change and bryophytes. She is the Co-Director of the Centre for Sustainable Ecosystem Solutions and Executive Director of the UOW Global Challenges Program and Leader of the Program's Sustaining Coastal and Marine Zones Challenge at the University of Wollongong.
Bernalillo County/International Sunport is a station on the New Mexico Rail Runner Express commuter rail line, located in South Valley, New Mexico, United States.
Sann Station is an Echizen Railway Katsuyama Eiheiji Line train station located in the town of Eiheiji, Yoshida District, Fukui Prefecture, Japan.
Colón is one of the 18 departments into which Honduras is divided. It was created in 1881. The departmental capital is Trujillo, and the other main city is Tocoa. Trujillo was the site of the first Catholic Mass in the American mainland, held when Christopher Columbus reached the Honduran shore in 1502.
Bleekeria is a genus of sand lances native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.
Nick Boynton is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. He played a career total of 11 seasons in the National Hockey League. He played for the Boston Bruins, Phoenix Coyotes, Florida Panthers, Anaheim Ducks, Chicago Blackhawks, and the Philadelphia Flyers. He also played 9 regular seasons games with the Nottingham Panthers of the Elite Ice Hockey League.
I Want A Girl (Just Like The Girl That Married Dear Old Dad) is a popular song of 1911 composed by Harry Von Tilzer and with lyrics by William Dillon, which has become a barbershop quartet standard.
Aud Egede-Nissen was a Norwegian actress, director and producer. She appeared in many early 20th-century German silent films.
The Torre Mayor is a skyscraper in Mexico City, Mexico. With a height of 225 metres to the top floor and 55 stories, it is the third tallest building in Mexico. It was surpassed in height by Torre BBVA Bancomer in 2015, which in turn was surpassed by Torre Reforma. From its completion in 2003 until 2010 it was also the tallest building in Latin America. The Torre Mayor was developed by Canadian businessman Paul Reichmann, who also maintained part ownership until his death in 2013. It is also part-owned by a group of institutional investors. The building was designed by the architectural firms of Zeidler Partnership Architects and Executive Architects Adamson Associates Architects, both of Toronto. The structural engineers and designers were The Cantor Seinuk Group from New York City in association with Enrique Martínez Romero S.A. in Mexico City.
Tom Rob Smith is an English author, screenwriter and producer.
The Blockade Runner Badge or the Badge for Blockade Runners was a World War II German military decoration awarded for service on warships or merchant vessels that attempted to break through the British sea blockade of Germany. It was instituted on 1 April 1941 upon the order of Adolf Hitler and first awarded on 1 July of the same year to Hugo Olendorff.
The Lockheed-Detroit YP-24 was a 1930s prototype two-seat fighter aircraft. An attack version called the A-9 was also proposed. The YP-24 is most remarkable for being the first fighter aircraft to bear the Lockheed name.
Barry Kenneth Long is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player and coach.
Yeung Sau-king, also Yvonne Tan, Yang Xiuqiong and Yang Hsiu-chiung was a Hong Kong Chinese swimmer. She was born in Tai Hang, Hong Kong.
Jure Robi was a Slovenian cyclist and a soldier in the Slovenian Army. He became prominent for his multiple wins in the men's solo category of Race Across America. He died on 24 September 2010 in a head-on collision during training. He was descending on his bike on a narrow mountain forest road in Plavški Rovt near Jesenice in Slovenia and hit an oncoming car.
Kortright Centre for Conservation, or simply Kortright Centre, is a suburban conservation area in Vaughan, Ontario, Canada in the northern part of the Greater Toronto Area. It is between Rutherford Road to the south and Major Mackenzie Drive to the north. It is located 38 km northwest of downtown Toronto, about 4 km west of Highway 400. The area in which it is located is predominantly forested in its western and northern extent. The Humber River is situated in the west and the Cold Creek and Harris Creek are to the north.
Fairfield Township is a civil township of Lenawee County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2000 census, the township population was 1,756.
The Botryosphaeriaceae are a family of sac fungi. It is the only representative of the order Botryosphaeriales. According to a 2008 estimate, the family contains 26 genera and over 1500 species.
Cashel is a town in County Tipperary in Ireland. Its population was 4,422 in the 2016 census. The town gives its name to the ecclesiastical province of Cashel. Additionally, the cathedra of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cashel and Emly was originally in the town prior to the English Reformation. It is part of the parish of Cashel and Rosegreen in the same archdiocese. One of the six cathedrals of the Anglican Bishop of Cashel and Ossory, who currently resides in Kilkenny, is located in the town. It is in the civil parish of St. Patricksrock which is in the historical barony of Middle Third.
Kejnice is a village and municipality in Klatovy District in the Plze Region of the Czech Republic.
Larinioides sclopetarius, commonly called bridge spider or gray cross spider, is a relatively large orb-weaver spider with holarctic distribution that is often found on bridges, especially near light and over water. The species tends to live on steel objects and is seldom seen on vegetation.
Basaseachic Falls National Park is a national park located in the western side of the state of Chihuahua in the heart of the Sierra Madre Occidental mountain range. The park is named after Basaseachic Falls the second tallest waterfall in Mexico with a height of 246 meters. Basaseachic Falls empties into Candameña Canyon which was carved by the Basaseachic River over millions of years. The park is known for its pine-oak forest, rock formations, and scenic views from high cliffs. Cliffs in the park reach an impressive height of 1,640 meters.
Color Fuses is an outdoor mural by the designer Milton Glaser that wraps around the entire ground floor of the Minton-Capehart Federal Building in downtown Indianapolis, Indiana, USA. While the building opened in 1975, the mural was finished in late 1974 and occupies the 672 feet around the entire portico of the building, rising 27 feet high, and showcasing 35 different colors in panels that vary in width between 6 and 36 feet. Originally, there was a programmed light system that pulsated light on the mural in a dynamic affect. Due to initial complaints, this system was dismantled shortly after it was installed, but completely re-installed and recreated when the mural was restored in 2012.
Gnome sort is a sorting algorithm originally proposed by an Iranian computer scientist Hamid Sarbazi-Azad in 2000. The sort was first called stupid sort, and then later described by Dick Grune and named gnome sort.
Joshua Erowoli Maja is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for French club Bordeaux and the Nigeria national team.
Victoria Garance Alixe Legrand is a French-American musician, best known as the lead vocalist, songwriter and keyboardist of the dream pop duo Beach House.
Vukašin Devi is a Serbian former professional footballer who played as a defender.
"Bhairava is a Tantric deity worshiped by Hindus. In Shaivism, he is a fierce manifestation of Shiva associated with annihilation. In Trika system Bhairava represents Supreme Reality, synonymous to Para Brahman. Generally in Hinduism, Bhairava is also called Dandapani and Swaswa meaning ""whose vehicle is a dog"". In Vajrayana Buddhism, he is considered a fierce emanation of boddhisatva Mañjur and also called Heruka, Vajrabhairava and Yamantaka.
Graceham is an unincorporated community in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. Graceham is home to Graceham Moravian Church and Parsonage.
Arkna is a village in Rakvere Parish, Lääne-Viru County, in northeastern Estonia.
Travnik is a town in central Bosnia and Herzegovina, 90 kilometres west of Sarajevo. It is the capital of the Central Bosnia Canton. It is in the Travnik Municipality. In 2013, the town of Travnik had 16,534 residents. The Travnik metropolitan area population was 57,543 people. In 1699 it became the residence of the viziers of the Ottoman province of Bosnia.
"The Ahearn House and Summer House are a pair of houses at 450 Pamet Point Road in Wellfleet, Massachusetts. The smaller ""summer house"" is an early 19th-century cottage, while the main house is a subsequent construction; both are important examples of period architecture in the community. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984."
The grey-headed piprites is a species of bird which traditionally has been placed in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Costa Rica, Guatemala, Honduras, and Nicaragua. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
Mount Rainier High School is a secondary school in Des Moines, Washington, United States; named for Mount Rainier which can be seen quite well from the school on a clear day. Mount Rainier serves approximately 1700 students and has been active since 1957. It was created to handle the overflow from nearby Highline High School, the district's first high school located in Burien, Washington. The original, aging facility was replaced with a new building at the same location; it opened in September 2007.
Fort King was a United States military fort in north central Florida, near what later developed as the city of Ocala. It was named after Colonel William King, commander of Florida's Fourth Infantry and the first governor of the provisional West Florida region.
SpaceX CRS-19, also known as SpX-19, was a Commercial Resupply Service mission to the International Space Station. The mission is contracted by NASA and was flown by SpaceX on a Falcon 9 rocket.
Kira Roessler is an American musician, singer, and two-time Emmy Award-winning dialogue editor. She is perhaps best known for time as bassist in the influential hardcore punk band Black Flag during the 1980s.
MY Albin Köbis was built in 1952 by Engelbrecht-Werft in Berlin-Köpenick on order by Wilhelm Pieck and served as the presidential yacht of the German Democratic Republic until 1971 when it was replaced by MY Ostseeland. It was named in honour of Albin Köbis, a German sailor and revolutionary during World War I.
Osiek is a village in Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Osiek. It lies approximately 10 kilometres south of Brodnica and 54 km east of Toru.
The Gardens is an inner suburb of the city Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia.
Osokorky is a station of Kiev Metro's Syretsko-Pecherska Line. It is situated between Slavutych and Pozniaky stations. This station was opened on December 30, 1992.
"""The Last Night of a Jockey"" is an episode of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone. In this episode, a diminutive jockey's wish to be tall is granted. The only actor in this entire episode is Mickey Rooney. Rod Serling wrote this episode specifically for Rooney."
Jaume Duch Guillot, born 4 February 1962 in Barcelona, Spain, is the spokesperson of the European Parliament and the Director-General of Communication of the institution, a position he assumed in February 2017 after more than a decade as the Media Director.
"Foxboro Hot Tubs is the garage rock side project of Green Day, formed in 2007. The band includes all members of Green Day, touring members Jason White and Jason Freese, and Kevin Preston of Prima Donna As of 2020, the band includes all members of Green Day and their touring members after Preston became a touring member of Green Day in 2019. Their first album Stop Drop and Roll!!! was released on April 22, 2008. The name ""Foxboro Hot Tubs"" is the alias Green Day uses to book secret shows. When performing as Foxboro Hot Tubs, Billie Joe Armstrong and Jason White go by the names Reverend Strychnine Twitch and Frosco Lee respectively."
Coniraya is a large crater on Ceres
"Copenhagen Distortion is a celebration of ""Copenhagen Street Life and New Dance Music"". With an estimated 100,000 guests per day, it is one of the largest annual gatherings in Europe. The Distortion week starts with 20-40 street parties in the Nørrebro and Vesterbro districts - with an ""anything goes"" music profile - and the week ends with the Distortion Ø festival with 6-10 stages on an industrial island in the Copenhagen harbour - with focus on new dance music: hiphop, trap, world, house, experimental and techno."
The Malmsbury Viaduct is a large brick and stone masonry arch bridge over the Coliban River at Malmsbury on the Bendigo Railway in Victoria Australia. It was erected as part of the Melbourne, Mount Alexander and Murray River Railway between 1858 and 1861, and was at the time the largest masonry arch railway bridge built in Victoria.
Zhang Wendan is a vice admiral of the Chinese People's Liberation Army Navy. He has been Chief of Staff of the PLA Navy since January 2018, and previously served as Chief of Staff and Deputy Commander of the South Sea Fleet, Deputy Chief of Staff of the Southern Theater Command, and Commander of the North Sea Fleet. He commanded the PLA Navy's fifth Gulf of Aden anti-piracy task force in 2010.
Victor Michael Dominello, an Australian politician, is the New South Wales
Kevin Austin Millwood is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball for the Atlanta Braves, Philadelphia Phillies, Cleveland Indians, Texas Rangers, Baltimore Orioles, Colorado Rockies and Seattle Mariners.
White Flint is an island platformed Washington Metro station in North Bethesda, Maryland, United States. The station was opened on December 15, 1984, and is operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority. Providing service for the Red Line, the station serves residential and commercial areas of North Bethesda and Rockville and is located near the former White Flint Mall.
Jason Bohannon is a basketball player formerly with USC Heidelberg in Germany. He plays mainly as a shooting guard.
Otsego County is a county located in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the population was 24,164. The county seat is Gaylord. The county was founded in 1840 and organized in 1875.
Almonacid de la Sierra is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census, the municipality has a population of 894 inhabitants. It has a total area of 54 km squared.
Musa Qala is a district in the north of Helmand Province, Afghanistan.
The Sandgate Flyover is a grade-separated railway flyover that carries the Main North line across the Kooragang Island line, located in Sandgate, in the City of Newcastle local government area of New South Wales, Australia.
"Old Mill is a neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario, Canada on the banks of the Humber River. It is located north and west of the intersection of Bloor Street and Jane Street. The area takes its name from the old grist mill ruins on the west bank of the river, now converted into a hotel. The City of Toronto includes this neighbourhood in the official ""Lambton Baby Point"" neighbourhood which includes the Baby Point enclave and former Lambton village areas to the north."
Adah Sharma is an Indian film actress who mainly appears in Hindi and Telugu-language films. Sharma, after finishing her schooling, made her acting debut with a leading role in the 2008 Hindi language horror film 1920, a box office success. Her portrayal of a possessed woman in the film was critically praised and earned her the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut nomination. After the release her romantic comedy film Hasee Toh Phasee, she ventured into the South Indian film industries, making films in Telugu.
The Cape Disappointment Light is a lighthouse on Cape Disappointment near the mouth of the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington.
Stružnice is a municipality and village in eská Lípa District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 1,000 inhabitants.
Green Meadows is a census-designated place in Mad River Township, Clark County, Ohio, United States, on the west side of Enon. The population was 2,327 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Springfield, Ohio Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Bambusa blumeana, also known as spiny bamboo or thorny bamboo, is a species of bamboo occurring in Tropical Asia.
Admiral Thomas Joseph Lopez is a retired United States Navy four-star admiral who served as Commander in Chief, United States Naval Forces Europe/Commander in Chief, Allied Forces Southern Europe from 1996 to 1998.
Farum Lake is a lake in Northeastern Zealand, Denmark.
Ambronay is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2010, 2362 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the Ambrunois. The local economy is mostly based around commerce and construction. The most important monuments in the commune are the Notre-Dame d'Ambronay abbey and the Gironville bastide. They are both classed as monuments historiques. The Hôtel de ville is part of a 16th-century castle. Famous people from Ambronay include Louis Tholon, inventor of the first direct vision spectroscope.
The Umayyad Mosque, also known as the Great Mosque of Damascus, located in the old city of Damascus, is one of the largest and oldest mosques in the world. The mosque is also important in Islam because of its historical and eschatological reports and events associated with the mosque.
Bolsover is a local government district in Derbyshire, England. It is named after the town of Bolsover, which is near the geographic centre of the district, but the council is based in Clowne. At the 2011 Census, the district had a population of 75,866.
Starogard Gdaski is a town in Pomeranian Voivodeship in northwestern Poland with 48,328 inhabitants.
The 2008 Vintage Yachting Games was the first post-Olympic multi-class sailing event for discontinued Olympic classes. The event took place on the IJsselmeer of Medemblik, the Netherlands, from 20 September to 27 September 2008.
Lamia is a city in central Greece. The city dates back to antiquity, and is today the capital of the regional unit of Phthiotis and of the Central Greece region.
RhoGEF domain describes two distinct structural domains with guanine nucleotide exchange factor activity to regulate small GTPases in the Rho family. Rho small GTPases are inactive when bound to GDP but active when bound to GTP; RhoGEF domains in proteins are able to promote GDP release and GTP binding to activate specific Rho family members, including RhoA, Rac1 and Cdc42.
The orange-breasted green pigeon is a pigeon found across tropical Asia south of the Himalaya across parts of the Indian Subcontinent and Southeast Asia. Like other green pigeons, it feeds mainly on small fruit. They may be found in pairs or in small flocks, foraging quietly and moving slowly on trees. The nape is blue-grey and the crown is yellowish green. The uppertail coverts are bronzed and the undertail coverts are unmarked rufous. The male has a pinkish band on the upper breast with a broader orange one below while the female has a bright yellow breast.
Mortonagrion hirosei, the four-spot midget, is a species of damselfly in family Coenagrionidae. It is found in Hong Kong and Japan and Taiwan-Wugu wetland. Its natural habitats are rivers and saline marshes. It is threatened by habitat loss.
"Joseph Hardstaff was an English first-class cricketer who played for Nottinghamshire and England. He was born in Kirkby-in-Ashfield, Nottinghamshire. With the rise to cricket prominence of his son, also called Joseph, he is generally referred to as ""Joe Hardstaff senior"" or ""Joe Hardstaff Sr"".
Aarhus Craftsmen's Association's Asylum is a listed building and a former asylum in Aarhus, Denmark. The building was finished in 1866 and was listed in the Danish national registry of protected buildings and places by the Danish Heritage Agency on 27 September 1980. The building is situated on Paradisgade in the central Indre by neighbourhood.
Inez Fabbri, née Agnes Schmidt, was an Austrian American soprano, voice teacher and impresaria. She sang in Austria, Germany, England, South America and the Caribbean, making her home in San Francisco where, in the 1870s, she was the most important musical personality and prima donna assoluta of her time, performing in more than 150 concerts and operas from 1872 to 1879, producing operas, and teaching voice to up-and-coming singers.
Oldham County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2010 census, the population was 60,316. Its county seat is La Grange.
Baby Doll is a 1956 American dramatic black comedy film directed by Elia Kazan, and starring Carroll Baker, Karl Malden and Eli Wallach. It was produced by Kazan and Tennessee Williams, and adapted by Williams from his own one-act play 27 Wagons Full of Cotton. The plot focuses on a feud between two rival cotton gin owners in rural Mississippi; after one of the men commits arson against the other's gin, the owner retaliates by attempting to seduce the arsonist's nineteen-year-old virgin bride with the hopes of receiving an admission by her of her husband's guilt.
Woodland Hills is a neighborhood bordering the Santa Monica Mountains in the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles, California.
Chester County, colloquially known as Chesco, is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 498,886, increasing by 5.2% to a census-estimated 524,989 residents as of 2019. The county seat is West Chester. Chester County was one of the three original Pennsylvania counties created by William Penn in 1682. It was named for Chester, England.
Durham Hosiery Mills Dye House is a historic textile mill building located at Durham, Durham County, North Carolina. It was constructed by the Durham Hosiery Mills Corporation in three sections between 1920 and 1921. They are the boiler room, office / warehouse, and dyeing area. It is constructed of exterior reinforced concrete bearing walls, steel trusses and a heavy timber structural system.
Nohra Puyana Bickenbach is the wife of the 30th President of Colombia, Andrés Pastrana Arango, and served as First Lady of Colombia from 1998 to 2002.
Andrew Cameron Sutton is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He has previously played in the National Hockey League with the Edmonton Oilers, San Jose Sharks, Minnesota Wild, Atlanta Thrashers, New York Islanders, Ottawa Senators and Anaheim Ducks in a 14-year career.
Filelight is a KDE graphical disk usage analyzer, part of the KDE Utils package, which uses the sunburst chart technique to display disk usage. Instead of showing a tree view of the files within a partition or directory, or even a columns-represent-directories view like xdiskusage, it shows a series of concentric pie charts representing the various directories within the requested partition or directory and the amount of space they use. A user may also click on the pie chart segment representing a particular directory, and repeat the analysis for that directory, right click that segment to open a file manager or terminal emulator in that location, or copy to clipboard or delete the directory, and they may right click the segment representing a file to open it, copy it to the clipboard, or delete it.
Jorge Montt Álvarez was a vice admiral in the Chilean Navy and president of Chile from 1891 to 1896.
The Brown School at Washington University in St. Louis is one of the world's leading schools for the training of social science researchers. The Brown School offers a Master of Social Work, a Master of Public Health, a Master of Social Policy, a PhD in Social Work, and a PhD in Public Health Sciences. The social work school and public health programs are top-ranked by US News. As one of the academic units of Washington University in St. Louis, the Brown School was founded in 1925 as the department of social work. The school was endowed in 1945 by Bettie Bofinger Brown and named for her husband, George Warren Brown, a St. Louis philanthropist and co-founder of the Brown Shoe Company. The school was the first in the country to have a building for the purpose of social work education, and it is also a founding member of the Association of Schools and Programs of Public Health. The school is housed within Brown, Goldfarb, and Hillman Halls.
Air Force Plant 4 is a government-owned, contractor-operated aerospace facility in Fort Worth, Texas, currently owned by the U.S. Air Force and operated by Lockheed Martin Aeronautics. It is home of the F-16 and F-35 fighter aircraft. Military aircraft have been manufactured here since 1942. Plant 4 is adjacent to Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Fort Worth, formerly Carswell Air Force Base.
Camarma de Esteruelas is a Spanish village and municipality in the autonomous community of Madrid in central Spain, 35 km northeast of the city of Madrid and 5 km north of Alcalá de Henares. It belongs to the comarca of Alcalá.
Bobritzsch-Hilbersdorf is a municipality in the Mittelsachsen district of Saxony, Germany, created with effect from 1 January 2012 by the merger of Bobritzsch and Hilbersdorf.
Sarah Sansonetti is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Richmond Football Club in the AFL Women's. Sansonetti was drafted by Richmond with their fourth selection and fortieth overall in the 2019 AFL Women's draft. She made her debut against Carlton at Ikon Park in the opening round of the 2020 season.
Mouchan is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Soeman Hasibuan better known by his pen name Soeman Hs, was an Indonesian author recognized for pioneering detective fiction and short story writing in the country's literature. Born in Bengkalis, Riau, Dutch East Indies, to a family of farmers, Soeman studied to become a teacher and, under the author Mohammad Kasim, a writer. He began working as a Malay-language teacher after completing normal school in 1923, first in Siak Sri Indrapura, Aceh, then in Pasir Pengaraian, Rokan Hulu, Riau. Around this time he began writing, publishing his first novel, Kasih Tak Terlarai, in 1929. In twelve years he published five novels, one short story collection, and thirty-five short stories and poems.
P'yngsng is a city in North Korea, the capital city of South P'yngan province in western North Korea. The city is located about 32 kilometres northeast of P'yngyang, and was formally established in December 1969. It has a population of 284,386.
Chvalatice is a village and municipality in Znojmo District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
Jean Boht is an English actress, most famous for the role of Nellie Boswell in Carla Lane's sitcom Bread.
Holbeck railway station was a railway station that served the district of Holbeck, in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
Imagination! is a pavilion on the western side of Future World at Epcot, a theme park at the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake, Florida. Kodak was the former title sponsor of the pavilion.
Alvinne is a small brewery in the hamlet of Moen near the Belgian city of Zwevegem.
The Sportsground, also known as The Galway Sportsgrounds and the Galway Greyhound Stadium and the Connacht Rugby Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Galway, Ireland. It opened in 1927, with the playing of a football match and has been used to host Connacht Rugby matches and greyhound racing since that time.
The Gitschen is a mountain of the Urner Alps, overlooking Lake Lucerne in the canton of Uri. It lies on the range north of the Surenen Pass, culminating at the Brunnistock.
Albin Kurti is a Kosovo politician and activist who served as the fourth Prime Minister of Kosovo from 3 February 2020 until 3 June 2020. Kurti is also the leader of the political movement and party Vetëvendosje. He came to prominence in 1997 as the vice-president of the University of Prishtina Student Union, and a main organizer of non-violent demonstrations in 1997 and 1998. When Adem Demaçi became the political representative of the Kosovo Liberation Army, Kurti worked in his office. He has been member of the Assembly of Kosovo since 2010 in three consecutive legislatures.
Jerusalem Technology Park, also Malha Technology Park is a high-tech industrial park located in the Malha neighborhood of southwest Jerusalem, Israel.
Shiloh is a city on the northeastern edge of Harris County, Georgia, United States. It is part of the Columbus, Georgia–Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2010 census, the population was 445.
Laucourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
The European Arctic Biogeographic Region is the biogeographic region of Europe around and in the Arctic Ocean.
Spittelau is a station on Line U4 and Line U6 of the Vienna U-Bahn. It combines with Wien Spittelau railway station, which is operated by the Austrian Federal Railways, to form a multistorey interchange station.
András Hajnal is a Hungarian diver. He competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics.
The Cleveland Convention Center was a convention center located in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, in the United States. Built by the city of Cleveland beneath the Cleveland Mall adjacent to Public Auditorium, it was completed in 1964. Plans for the convention center were first made in 1956, but voters twice rejected initiatives to fund construction before approving a bond levy in November 1963. A local private foundation donated several million dollars to beautify the mall atop the convention center with a reflecting pool and fountains.
Quadrantanopia, quadrantanopsia, refers to an anopia affecting a quarter of the field of vision.
Nowiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leoncin, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Languevoisin-Quiquery is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Australian Woman's Sphere was a journal published by Vida Goldstein which advocated for women's suffrage in Victoria.
The Eureka Rebellion was a rebellion in 1854, instigated by gold miners in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia, who revolted against the colonial authority of the United Kingdom. It culminated in the Battle of the Eureka Stockade, which was fought between rebels and the colonial forces of Australia on 3 December 1854 at Eureka Lead and named after a stockade structure built by miners in the lead-up to the conflict. The rebellion resulted in at least 27 deaths and many injuries, the majority of casualties being rebels.
The Ferrara Synagogue is a synagogue located in Ferrara, Italy.
Saint-Satur is a commune in the Cher department in central France.
Paspalum setaceum is a species of grass known by several common names, including thin paspalum. It is native to the Americas, where it can be found in the eastern and central United States, Ontario in Canada, Mexico, Central America, and the Caribbean. It can be found in other areas of the world as an introduced, and often invasive, species, including many Pacific Islands. It is a weed of lawns and turf.
Monastery of the Martyrs Mar Behnam and Marth Sarah, is a Syriac Catholic monastery in northern Iraq in the village Khidr Ilyas close to the town of Beth Khdeda. The tomb of Mar Benham was heavily damaged on March 19, 2015 by the Islamic State, and the exterior murals were desecrated in all of the monastery's buildings. Repair work restoring the monastery and the tomb of Mar Behnam to its pre-ISIS condition was completed by early December 2018.
Kirk Mill is an early example of an Arkwright-type cotton mill and a grade II listed building in Chipping, Lancashire, in Ribble Valley, to the north of Preston, Lancashire, England. It was built in the 1780s on the site of a corn mill dating from at least 1544. The mill continued spinning cotton using water frames and then throstles until 1886, when it was sold and became HJ Berry's chairmaking factory.
Glauber de Medeiros Braga is a Brazilian politician. He has spent his political career representing Rio de Janeiro, having served as federal deputy representative since 2011.
The Orthwein Mansion is a historic mansion in St. Louis, Missouri, US.
Como is a town in Hopkins County, Texas, United States. The population was 702 at the 2010 census.
Horace Preston Belknap was an American pioneer doctor, businessman, and a state legislator from the state of Oregon. Belknap was one of the first physicians to establish a medical practice in Central Oregon. He also served three terms in the Oregon House of Representatives as a Republican legislator, representing a large and rural district in central and southern Oregon.
Harry Christian Geisel was a Major League Baseball umpire who worked in the American League for 18 years from 1925 to 1942. Geisel umpired in three World Series and in two All-Star Games 1935 and 1938. In his career, he umpired 2,554 Major League games.
Maria of Aragon was the Queen consort of Castile and Leon as the wife of John II of Castile. She was the daughter of Ferdinand I of Aragon and Eleanor of Alburquerque.
Phosphorylase kinase is a serine/threonine-specific protein kinase which activates glycogen phosphorylase to release glucose-1-phosphate from glycogen. PhK phosphorylates glycogen phosphorylase at two serine residues, triggering a conformational shift which favors the more active glycogen phosphorylase “a” form over the less active glycogen phosphorylase b.
Agne Lennart Andersson was a Swedish triple jumper. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics and 1938 European Athletics Championships and finished in 19th and 6th place, respectively.
Villa Urquiza is a barrio of Buenos Aires, capital of Argentina. It is located between the barrios of Villa Pueyrredón, Belgrano, Villa Ortúzar, Coghlan, Saavedra and Agronomía. Its limits are the streets and avenues Constituyentes, Crisólogo Larralde, Galván, Núñez, Tronador, Roosevelt, Rómulo S. Naón and La Pampa.
Alison Keith is a classical scholar who is Professor of Classics and Women's Studies at the University of Toronto, where she has been a Fellow of Victoria University of Toronto since 1989. She is an expert on the relationships between gender and genre in Latin literature, and has published widely on topics including Latin epic poetry, Ovid, Propertius, and Roman dress.
Borophryne apogon, the netdevil, or greedy seadevil, is a species of leftvent anglerfish known today from the waters of the eastern Pacific Ocean off the Central American coast. It is found at depths down to around 1,750 m. This species grows to a length of 8.3 centimetres TL. A fossil specimen of this species has been found in the Los Angeles Basin dating back to the Late Miocene, some eight million years ago.
Marcus Burghardt is a German professional road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam Bora–Hansgrohe.
The Florida Historical Society is an organization that promotes the study of the history of Florida. Incorporated in 1856, the Society collects, preserves and publishes materials relating to the history of Florida and its denizens. It publishes the journal Florida Historical Quarterly, originally the Florida Historical Society Quarterly and manages the Library of Florida History.
Magnesium silicide, MgSi, is an inorganic compound consisting of magnesium and silicon. As-grown MgSi usually forms black crystals; they are semiconductors with n-type conductivity and have potential applications in thermoelectric generators.
The Titche–Goettinger Building is one of Dallas' original broad-front department stores located along St. Paul Street between Main and Elm Street in downtown Dallas, Texas. The structure currently houses apartments, retail space, and the Universities Center at Dallas. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places both individually and as a contributing property in the Dallas Downtown Historic District and is a Dallas Landmark as part of the Harwood Street Historic District. It is also located across the street from Main Street Garden Park.
"Psalm 47 is the 47th psalm of the Book of Psalms, generally known in English by its first verse, in the King James Version, ""O clap your hands"". The Book of Psalms is the third section of the Hebrew Bible, and a book of the Christian Old Testament. In the Greek Septuagint version of the bible, and in its Latin translation in the Vulgate, this psalm is Psalm 46 in a slightly different numbering system. In Latin, it is known as ""Omnes gentes plaudite manibus"". The psalm is a hymn psalm. It is one of twelve psalms attributed to the sons of Korah, and one of fifty-five psalms addressed to the ""Chief Musician"" or ""Conductor"".
"The New Territories Heung Yee Kuk Yuen Long District Secondary School is a Hong Kong secondary school located in Yuen Long, New Territories. Its motto is in Chinese """", meaning ""conscientiousness and diligence"". The official medium of instruction is English."
Nickels-Milam House is a historic plantation house located near Laurens, Laurens County, South Carolina. It was built about 1828, and is a three-story, five bay, Greek Revival style frame dwelling. The interior has original moldings, paneled doors, mantels, wide-board flooring and much of the original hardware. Also on the property are several barns and the family cemetery.
Bambu Runcing or Prìng Lancìp is a traditional spear made of a sharpened bamboo.
The 29th United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from March 4, 1845, to March 4, 1847, during the first two years of James Polk's presidency. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Sixth Census of the United States in 1840. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.
Hosston is a village in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 318 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Shreveport–Bossier City Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Laura Brent is an Australian actress, best known for her role as Lilliandil in The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
The Keating TKR is a British sports car by Keating Supercars. It uses parts from the Saleen S7 and the Pagani Zonda. The company that produces it was founded by Tony Keating and is based in Bolton, Greater Manchester, England. The TKR features a twin turbo-charged 7.0L V8 petrol engine derived from the General Motors LS series developing 2,002 hp. According to Keating, it can accelerate from 0-60 in 2 seconds.
Peter Löw is a German lawyer and entrepreneur.
Trois-Rivières is a commune in the overseas department of Guadeloupe, and the chef-lieu of the Canton of Trois-Rivières. It is on the south coast of the island of Basse-Terre. It is surrounded with the towns of Capesterre-Belle-Eau, Vieux-Fort and Gourbeyre.
"Greystone Park Psychiatric Hospital referred to both the former psychiatric hospital and the historic building that it occupied in Morris Plains, New Jersey. Built in 1876, the facility was built to alleviate overcrowding at the state's only other ""lunatic asylum"" located in Trenton, New Jersey. Originally built to accommodate 350 people, the facility, having been expanded several times, reached a high of over 7700 patients resulting in unprecedented overcrowding conditions. In 2008, the facility was ordered to be closed as a result of deteriorating conditions and overcrowding. A new facility was built on the large Greystone campus nearby and bears the same name as the aging facility. Despite considerable public opposition and media attention, demolition of the main Kirkbride building began in April 2014 and was completed by October 2015."
"Barney Kessel was an American jazz guitarist born in Muskogee, Oklahoma. Noted in particular for his knowledge of chords and inversions and chord-based melodies, he was a member of many prominent jazz groups as well as a ""first call"" guitarist for studio, film, and television recording sessions. Kessel was a member of the group of session musicians informally known as the Wrecking Crew."
County Durham is a county in North East England. The county town is Durham, a cathedral city.
Ahumada is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is Villa Ahumada. The municipality covers an area of 17,131.5 km².
Marcelle Corday was a Belgian-born American actress. She mostly played character parts in silent and sound films. Officially, her American film career began in 1925, but it is claimed she played a small role, uncredited, in Fred Niblo's 1924 film, The Red Lily being menaced by Dick Sutherland in a bar.
The genus Pauxi consists of the three species of helmeted curassows, terrestrial black fowl with ornamental casque on their heads. All are found in South America.
Constantine X Doukas or Dukas, Latinised as Ducas, was Byzantine Emperor from 1059 to 1067. He was the founder and first ruling member of the short-lived Doukid dynasty. During his reign, the Normans took over much of the remaining Byzantine territories in Italy while in the Balkans the Hungarians occupied Belgrade. He also suffered defeats by the Seljuk sultan Alp Arslan.
Bretstein is a former municipality in the district of Murtal in the Austrian state of Styria. Since the 2015 Styria municipal structural reform, it is part of the municipality Pölstal.
Jai Arrow is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who played as a lock for the Gold Coast Titans in the NRL. He will join the South Sydney Rabbitohs starting in 2021.
Montville Memorial Precinct is a heritage-listed memorial precinct at Razorback Road and Main Street, Montville, Sunshine Coast Region, Queensland, Australia. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 28 August 2008.
Alexander Garden is a central urban park in Novocherkassk, Rostov oblast, Russia, named after Emperor of Russia Alexander I. It is the eldest park in the city. The park was established in 1832 on 9 ha city-owned land. It is located in the south-east of Novocherkassk between Platovsky avenue, Aleksandrovskaya street, Pushkinskaya and Atamanskaya street.
The 3rd Aviation Regiment is a regiment of the United States Army Aviation Branch. It operates the Boeing AH-64 Apache attack helicopter, Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter, and Boeing CH-47 Chinook helicopter. It has been associated with the 3rd Infantry Division for some time.
"Rayne Dakota ""Dak"" Prescott is an American football quarterback for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League. He played college football for the Mississippi State Bulldogs and was selected by the Cowboys in the fourth round of the 2016 NFL Draft.
Khulo is a district of Georgia, in the autonomous republic of Adjara. Its main town is Khulo.
Midong District is one of 7 urban districts of the prefecture-level city of Wulumuqi, the capital of Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Northwest China. Its land area is 3,408 km²; it has a population of 296,000.
South Africa's second non-racial general election, was held on 2 June 1999.
Acridocarpus natalitius, the moth fruit, is a species of plant in the Malpighiaceae family. It is found in south-eastern Africa, where it ranges from Pondoland to Limpopo in South Africa, and eastwards to Swaziland and Mozambique. It is critically endangered in eastern Zimbabwe.
Marchena is a town in the Province of Seville in Andalusia, Spain. From ancient times to the present, Marchena has come under the rule of various powers. Marchena is a service center for its surrounding agricultural lands of olive orchards and fields of cereal crops. It is also a center for the processing of olives and other primary products. Marchena is a town of historic and cultural heritage. Attractions include the Church of San Juan Bautista within the Moorish town walls and the Arco de la Rosa. The town is associated with the folkloric tradition of Flamenco. It is the birthplace of artists including Pepe Marchena and Melchor de Marchena, guitarist.
Taluqan, is a district of Takhar Province, in northeastern Afghanistan. The city has a total population of 258,219 and has 6 Police districts. The total land area of the city is 10,744 Hectares while there are a total of 28,691 total number of dwellings.
Julie Anne Etchingham is an English journalist who works as a television newsreader with ITV News. A graduate of Newnham College, Cambridge, Etchingham joined the BBC as a trainee after completing her studies, and went on to present the children's news programme Newsround in 1994. She joined Sky News in 2002, and also presented editions of Five News when Sky won the contract to produce news programming for Channel 5 in 2005.
Manion's General Store is a historic general store and post office located at Ferndale in Sullivan County, New York. It was built before 1908 and is a large, frame building. It is two and one half stories tall, five bays wide and three bays deep, with a gable roof and deep overhanging eaves. It is built into a hillside and has a stone foundation. The store operated into the 1970s and the post office to the 1980s.
Barmissen is a municipality in the district of Plön, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Kalle Løchen was a Norwegian painter and actor.
Gostiražni is a village in the municipality of Dolneni, North Macedonia.
Woodmere is a village in Cuyahoga County and an eastern suburb of the Greater Cleveland area in the US state of Ohio. As of the 2010 census, Woodmere had a population of 884 residents. The village is bounded on the north by the city of Pepper Pike, on the west by the city of Beachwood, and on the south and east by the village of Orange.
Caylloma Province is the largest of eight provinces in the Arequipa Region of Peru.
The Pollock Building, sometimes known as the Williams Masonic Lodge, is a historic building in Williams, Arizona. It is a contributing property of the Williams Historic Business District, which is on the National Register of Historic Places for Coconino County, Arizona.
The Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale is a metropolitan borough of Greater Manchester in North West England. It is named after its largest town, Rochdale, but spans a far larger area which includes the towns of Middleton, Heywood, and the villages of Wardle, Littleborough and Milnrow
The Opel Kadett is a small family car produced by the German automobile manufacturer Opel from 1936 until 1940 and then from 1962 until 1991, when it was succeeded by the Opel Astra.
Severnaya Zemlya is a 37,000-square-kilometre archipelago in the Russian high Arctic. It lies off Siberia's Taymyr Peninsula, separated from the mainland by the Vilkitsky Strait. This archipelago separates two marginal seas of the Arctic Ocean, the Kara Sea in the west and the Laptev Sea in the east.
The 1992 Pacific typhoon season had no official bounds; it ran year-round in 1992. Despite this, most tropical cyclones tend to form in the northwestern Pacific Ocean between May and November. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northwestern Pacific Ocean.
Clanis titan, the scarce velvet hawkmoth, is a species of moth of the family Sphingidae.
Kettle Falls is a city in Stevens County, Washington, United States, named for the nearby Kettle Falls on the Columbia River, an ancient and important fishing site for Native Americans. The population of the city was 1,595 at the 2010 census a 4.5% increase over the 2000 census.
Tero Seppälä is a Finnish biathlete who competes internationally.
Pisidium conventus, the arctic-alpine pea clam, is a species of freshwater bivalve from the family Sphaeriidae.
Oak Hall Historic District is a national historic district located at College Township, Centre County, Pennsylvania. The district includes 17 contributing buildings and 3 contributing structures in Oak Hall. The district includes the mansion house once owned by General James Irvin, the Irvin stone barn, and grist mill site. The Irvin Mansion was built about 1825, and is a 2 1/2-story, five bay limestone house with a center hall plan and gable roof. It features a mix of Georgian and Late Victorian style details. Associated with the mansion are a small shed, wagon shed / ice house, a smokehouse, and privy. The remains of the grist mill were rebuilt as a residence in 1961. Also in the district are the Johnstonbaugh House, Benjamin Peters House, and Garman House.
Banksia horrida, commonly known as prickly dryandra, is a species of shrub that is endemic to Western Australia. It has hairy stems, linear, pinnatifid leaves with sharply pointed teeth on the edges, up to sixty cream-coloured flowers in each head and hairy, egg-shaped follicles.
Vinita Township is a township in Kingman County, Kansas, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 249.
Ben Parr is an American journalist, author, venture capitalist and entrepreneur. He is the author of Captivology: The Science of Capturing People's Attention, a book on the science and psychology of attention and how to capture the attention of others. He is the President and co-founder of Octane AI, a marketing automation and chatbot company for E-commerce. He was previously a venture capitalist, the co-editor and editor-at-large of Mashable, and a columnist and commentator for CNET. In 2012, he was named to the Forbes 30 Under 30.
The Belling-Lee connector is commonly used in Europe and Australia to connect coaxial cables with each other and with terrestrial VHF/UHF roof antennas, antenna signal amplifiers, CATV distribution equipment, TV sets, and FM and DAB radio receivers. In these countries, it is known colloquially as a PAL antenna connector, IEC antenna connector, or simply as a TV aerial plug. It is one of the oldest coaxial connectors still commonly used in consumer devices. For television signals, the convention is that the source has a male connector and the receptor has a female connector. For FM radio signals, the convention is that the source has a female connector and the receptor has a male connector. This is more or less universally adopted with TV signals, while it's not uncommon for FM radio receivers to deviate from this, especially FM radio receivers from companies not based in the areas that use this kind of connector.
Ingleby railway station was a railway station built to serve the village of Ingleby Greenhow in North Yorkshire, England. The station was on the North Yorkshire and Cleveland's railway line between Sexhow and Ingleby, which opened in 1857. The line was extended progressively until it met the Whitby & Pickering Railway at Grosmont. Ingleby station was closed in 1954 to passengers and four years later to goods. The station was located 19 miles south of Stockton, and only 0.75 miles west of Battersby railway station.
Mildred Alice Doran was a Canadian pilot who was the only woman to enter the Dole Air Race in 1927, created to be the first to fly from California to Hawaii. During the race, she and several other competitors disappeared.
The Charles Payne House is an historic site at 25 Brown Street in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. The house was built in 1855–56 by Charles Payne and later expanded with the addition of two ells and a porch. The 1 ¹-story Gothic-Italianate vernacular cottage is architecturally significant as a 19th-century vernacular cottage in a picturesque setting. Though the round-head picket fence and entry gates were later removed, the property retains a large shaded garden on with ample street frontage. The Charles Payne House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Zlatna is a town in Alba County, central Transylvania, Romania. It has a population of 7,490.
Kericho County is one of the counties the republic of Kenya. The county seats between longitude 35o 02’ and 35o 40’ East and between the equator and latitude 0 23’ South with an altitude of about 2002m above the sea level. It borders Uasin Gishu County to the North West, Baringo County to the North, Nandi County to the North-West, Nakuru County to the East and Bomet County to the South. It has a population of 901,777 and an area of 2,111 km². Its capital and largest town is Kericho.
"Lords of Acid is a Belgian/American electronic music group, led by musician Praga Khan. They debuted with the new beat single ""I Sit on Acid"" in 1988. Created by Praga Khan, Olivier Adams, and Jade 4U; their debut album, 1991's Lust, were critically acclaimed within the electronic music and dance music communities for their outrageously sexual lyrics and sound samples. Their second album was Voodoo-U, which featured a more industrial sound. This was followed by Our Little Secret, Heaven Is an Orgasm and Expand Your Head. In 2000 they released a more rock-influenced album titled Farstucker and in 2003, after being in the business for fifteen years, released a greatest hits album called Greatest T*ts.
Oliver Petersch is a German footballer who played in the 2. Bundesliga.
North Pacific College was a private, post-secondary educational institution located in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. A professional school, North Pacific had pharmacy, dental, and optometry programs. The dental program was purchased by the state of Oregon and merged into the University of Oregon School of Medicine and now exists as the Oregon Health & Science University School of Dentistry. The optometry school was merged into Pacific University and still exists as the Pacific University College of Optometry.
The Battle of Changanacherry was a battle between the old princely states of Thekkumkur and Travancore in September 1749. Defeat in this decisive battle led to Thekkumkur losing its dominance and expanding the Tranvancore empire to the southern border of the river Meenachilar.
Mueang Lamphun is the capital district of Lamphun Province, northern Thailand.
Carbon Glacier is located on the north slope of Mount Rainier in the U.S. state of Washington and is the source of the Carbon River. The snout at the glacier terminal moraine is at about 3,500 feet above sea level, making it the lowest-elevation glacier in the contiguous United States. The glacier also has the greatest length, thickness and volume of any U.S. glacier outside of Alaska.
Yannis Behrakis was a Greek photojournalist and a Senior editor with Reuters.
USS Abraham Lincoln (CVN-72) is the fifth Nimitz-class aircraft carrier in the United States Navy. She is the second Navy ship to have been named after the former President Abraham Lincoln. Her home port is NAS North Island, and she is a member of the United States Pacific Fleet. She is administratively responsible to Commander, Naval Air Forces Pacific, and operationally served as the flagship of Carrier Strike Group Nine and host to Carrier Air Wing Two until 2012. She was returned to the fleet on 12 May 2017, marking the successful completion of her refueling and complex overhaul carried out at Newport News Shipyard. On 5 May 2019 USS Abraham Lincoln was deployed to the Middle East as the flagship for Carrier Strike Group 12 and Carrier Air Wing Seven assigned to her.
The Sichuan treecreeper is a rare species of bird in the treecreeper family, Certhiidae.
Ducey-les-Chéris is a commune in the department of Manche, northwestern France.
Megarhyssa macrurus, is a species of large ichneumon wasp.
Ivaiporã is a municipality in the state of Paraná in the Southern Region of Brazil.
Alampattu is a village in the state of Tamil Nadu, Sivaganga District, India. It is 20 km from the town Karaikudi.
Ion Stoica is a Romanian-American computer scientist specializing in distributed systems, cloud computing and computer networking. He is a professor of computer science at the University of California Berkeley and co-director of AMPLab. He co-founded Conviva, and Databricks, with other original developers of Apache Spark.
The Majestic Theatre is a Broadway theatre located at 245 West 44th Street in midtown Manhattan. It is one of the largest Broadway theatres with 1,681 seats, and traditionally has been used as a venue for major musical theatre productions. Among the notable shows that have premiered at the Majestic are Carousel, South Pacific, The Music Man, Camelot, A Little Night Music, and The Wiz. It was also the second home of 42nd Street and the third home of 1776. The theatre has housed The Phantom of the Opera since it opened on January 26, 1988. With a record-breaking over 13,300 performances to date, it is currently the longest-running production in Broadway history.
Chengkou County is a county in Chongqing municipality, China, and is the northernmost county-level division of Chongqing, bordering the provinces of Shaanxi and Sichuan to the north and west, respectively. To the northeast, the county borders Zhengping County, Pingli County, Langao County and Ziyang County of Ankang, Shaanxi. To the west, the county borders Wanyuan and Xuanhan County of Dazhou, Sichuan. To the south, the county borders Chongqing's Kaizhou District and Wuxi County.
The Duke's Diwan is an arts and cultural center and historic house museum. Located on King Faisal Street in downtown Amman, it is housed in one of the city's oldest buildings.
Lyon County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2010 census, the county population was 33,690. The county seat and largest city is Emporia. The county was named for General Nathaniel Lyon, who was killed at the Battle of Wilson's Creek in the Civil War.
Chemnitz is a city in Germany. It is in the state of Saxony. In 2006, about 245,000 people lived there.
Roy Townley Brown was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenseman who was active in the early 1900s. Amongst the teams Brown played for were the Brantford Indians and the Berlin Dutchmen of the OPHL, as well as the Canadian Soo Algonquins of the IPHL where he acted both as team captain and coach.
Colugos are arboreal gliding mammals found in Southeast Asia, whose closest non-colugo relatives are primates. Just two extant species make up the entire family Cynocephalidae and order Dermoptera. They are the most capable gliders of all gliding mammals, using flaps of extra skin between their legs to glide from higher to lower locations. They are also known as cobegos or flying lemurs, but they are not true lemurs, simply close relatives to primates.
Željko Kalac is an Australian football player. He has played for the Australian national team.
Rewal is a village in Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Rewal. It lies approximately 23 kilometres north-west of Gryfice and 80 km north of the regional capital Szczecin.
Christie Aschwanden is an American journalist and the former lead science writer at FiveThirtyEight. Her 2019 book GOOD TO GO: What the Athlete in All of Us Can Learn From the Strange Science of Recovery, was a New York Times bestseller. She was awarded an American Association for the Advancement of Science Kavli Science Journalism Award in 2016 and serves on the board of the Council for the Advancement of Science Writing.
Pitofenone is an antispasmodic.
The Humber Super Snipe is a car which was produced from 1938 to 1967 by British-based Humber Limited.
Pacific Place is an upscale shopping center in downtown Seattle, Washington, United States. Opened on October 29, 1998, it is located at 6th Avenue and Pine Street and has a total area of 335,000 square feet. It has five floors, the uppermost of which features an 11-screen AMC Theatre and various restaurants. The concourse level includes Barnes & Noble, AT&T and GameStop stores. Pacific Place also features a skybridge that connects it to Seattle's Nordstrom flagship. During the Christmas season, there is an artificial snow display every night at 6 p.m. in the atrium.
Montaña Palentina is a natural park in the north of the province of Palencia in Castile and León, Spain.
Utah County is a county in the U.S. state of Utah. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 516,564, thus making it Utah's second-most populous county. The county seat and largest city is Provo, which is the state's third-largest city.
Civilian Conservation Corps Camp S-52 is a former forestry camp of the Civilian Conservation Corps in the unincorporated community of Cusson, Minnesota, United States. Four workshops built around 1933 survive from the time of the camp, which was one of the 25 original CCC camps established in Minnesota in the first year of the program. The buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 for their local significance in the theme of politics/government. They were nominated for being the area's only known surviving CCC buildings. Civilian Conservation Corps camps were typically populated with simple utilitarian structures only intended for temporary use, and thus few survive to the present day.
"The Mabuses is a band which formed in London in 1991 and released three albums to considerable critical acclaim. Led by the enigmatic Kim Fahy, the Mabuses offer music which mixes pop sensibilities with more esoteric concerns such as film and literature. The name ""Mabuses"" is a tribute to the Fritz Lang film trilogy about a master criminal called Dr. Mabuse. Lyrically and musically, their recordings can be described as modern psychedelia.
The 49th Infantry Regiment was a regular infantry regiment in the United States Army.
Atna Peaks is an eroded stratovolcano or shield volcano in the Wrangell Mountains of eastern Alaska. It is located in Wrangell–Saint Elias National Park about 6 miles east of Mount Blackburn, the second-highest volcano in the United States, and just south of the massive Nabesna Glacier. Because the mountain is almost entirely covered in glaciers, no geological studies have been done, but published references state and the geological map shows that the mountain is an old eroded volcanic edifice.
Hearne is a city in Robertson County, Texas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 4,459. The city is named for a family that settled in the area in the 19th century and promoted the construction of rail lines through the city.
The Great Seal of the State of Vermont is the official seal of the U.S. state of Vermont, used to emboss and authenticate official documents. It was designed by Ira Allen, brother of Ethan Allen and one of the state's founders.
Kasteli Airport is a mixed-use public/military airport located 39 km south-east of Heraklion, in Kasteli on the Greek island of Crete. It started operating in 1940 and it now has a single runway with a length of 2,991 m. The airport is used by F-16 Fighting Falcon fighter aircraft of the Hellenic Air Force's 133 Combat Group. The Ariadne Airport Group consortium, consisting of the GEK Terna in partnership with the Indian GMR Group has been selected to develop, operate and manage a new international airport on this site as a replacement for the existing Heraklion International Airport. The new Kasteli International Airport is due to open by 2025.
Plumaugat is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
The National Background Investigations Bureau was a semi-autonomous U.S. Government agency that was housed within the United States Office of Personnel Management. In September of 2019, background investigations were transferred from OPM’s NBIB to Defense Counterintelligence and Security Agency.
The Maupoleum was a building on Amsterdam's Jodenbreestraat. Built in 1971, it acquired a reputation for being unattractive before being demolished in 1994.
Melody Hill is a census-designated place in Center Township, Vanderburgh County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 3,628 at the 2010 census.
The Old Weir Stove Company was an historic industrial facility located on West Water Street in Weir Village, Taunton, Massachusetts. The factory consisted of a series of connected brick buildings, located between West Water Street and the west bank of the Taunton River. The factory was built in 1902 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It was later occupied by F.B. Rogers Silver Company. In May–June 2009, the site was demolished, except for the northernmost building of the complex.
Ivar Kolve is a Norwegian Jazz musician, the younger brother of the saxophonist Kåre Kolve, and known from several album releases as soloartist and for collaborations with Maria Joao, Jan Gunnar Hoff, Ståle Storløkken, Mathias Eick, Eivind Aarset and Bjørn Kjellemyr among oters.
Goesdorf is a commune and village in north-western Luxembourg. It is part of the canton of Wiltz.
Woodlawn is a home rule-class city in Campbell County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 229 at the 2010 census.
Würzweiler is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
"Stella Rose Bennett, better known as Benee, is a New Zealand singer and songwriter from Auckland. In 2019, Benee won four New Zealand Music Awards, namely Single of The Year, Best Solo Artist, Best Breakthrough Artist and Best Pop Artist. She initially gained national prominence with her singles ""Glitter"" and ""Soaked"", before her 2019 single ""Supalonely"" gained international popularity following its success on the video-sharing platform TikTok.
Gregory C. Fu is a professor of organic chemistry at the California Institute of Technology. The current research interests of the Fu laboratory include metal-catalyzed coupling reactions and the design of chiral catalysts. In particular, the group is focused on the development of nickel-catalyzed enantioselective cross-couplings of alkyl electrophiles and on photoinduced, copper-catalyzed carbon–heteroatom bond-forming reactions. The group works in collaboration with the laboratory of Professor Jonas Peters.
Roderick Random Butler was an American politician who represented Tennessee's 1st district in the United States House of Representatives from 1867 to 1875, and again from 1887 to 1889. He also served several terms in the Tennessee state legislature, and briefly served as a state court judge. An opponent of secession, Butler represented Johnson County at the East Tennessee Convention in 1861, and afterward joined the Union Army.
Igor Vladimirovich Denisov is a former Russian association footballer who played as a midfielder.
"Andy Runton is the creator of the graphic novel series Owly, first published in 2005 by Top Shelf. Before he worked on Owly he was a graphic designer. His artwork is a reflection of his affection for wildlife. Andy currently resides in Atlanta, GA. In 2005, Runton won the Ignatz Award for Promising New Talent. His work was also nominated for ""Best Publication for a Younger Audience"" in Eisner Awards the same year, which he won in 2006."
Popski's Private Army, officially No. 1 Demolition Squadron, PPA, was a unit of British Special Forces set up in Cairo in October 1942 by Major Vladimir Peniakoff. Popski's Private Army was one of several raiding units formed in the Western Desert during the Second World War. The squadron also served in Italy, and was disbanded in September 1945.
Pedro Pablo Opeka, known also as Father Opeka, is a Catholic priest from Argentina, working as a missionary in Madagascar. For his service to the poor, he was awarded the Legion of Honor.
William Lawrence Rohter, Jr., known as Larry Rohter, is an American journalist who was a South American bureau chief for The New York Times from 1999 to 2007. Previously, he was Caribbean and Latin American correspondent of the Times from 1994 to 1999. He now writes about cultural topics.
Kinnauri, also known as Kanauri, Kanor, Koonawur, or Kunawar, is a Sino-Tibetan dialect cluster centered on the Kinnaur district of the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh.
Kangalli station is a railway station in Kangal-li, Onsng County, North Hamgyng, North Korea, on the Hambuk Line of the Korean State Railway. It is also the starting point of the Sngp'yng branch to Sngp'yng.
Zhang Meng, also known as Alina Zhang, is a Chinese actress. She is most well-known as the winner of the 2004 Miss China Universe and for her role as the Fire Princess in the 2016 television series Ice Fantasy.
The Madagascan cuckooshrike, also known as the ashy cuckooshrike, is a species of bird in the family Campephagidae. The Comoros cuckooshrike is sometimes considered a distinct species.
The American tree sparrow, also known as the winter sparrow, is a medium-sized sparrow.
Maidenhead is a town in England in Berkshire. About 60,000 people live in the town. The town is about 25 miles from London. It is named after a wharf that was built there in 1297. It lies on the River Thames.
St. Denys Priory was a priory of Austin canons in the St Denys area of Southampton, Hampshire, England.
Warren Township is one of the twenty-two townships of Washington County, Ohio, United States. The 2000 census found 4,044 people in the township.
"Storyland was a children’s theme park located northwest of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, near the town of Renfrew in Horton Township featuring depictions of classic fairy tale scenes. The park featured a mini-golf course, a small water park, live performers, playgrounds, small rides, and staff dressed as fairy tale characters. It is near the Champlain Lookout in Brown's Bay, where Samuel de Champlain made land. In 1953 a large rock was found in the area bearing a chiselled inscription ""Champlain Juin 2, 1613"" however the authenticity of the inscription has been brought into question by the date format. The Champlain Lookout was a part of the landscape long before Storyland was founded. The park closed after the 2011 season and was sold in 2013 and has transformed into a Glamping campground. Elements Luxury Tented Camp and Nature Spa has setup on the acreage."
The Gotthard Tunnel is an approximately 15-kilometre-long railway tunnel and forms the summit of the Gotthard Railway in Switzerland. It connects Göschenen with Airolo and was the first tunnel through the Saint-Gotthard Massif in order to bypass the St Gotthard Pass. It is built as one double-track, standard gauge tunnel. When opened in 1882, the Gotthard Tunnel was the longest tunnel in the world.
"The Body Snatcher is a 1945 American horror film directed by Robert Wise and starring Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi, Henry Daniell, and Edith Atwater. It is based on the short story ""The Body Snatcher"" by Robert Louis Stevenson. The film's producer Val Lewton helped adapt the story for the screen, writing under the pen name of ""Carlos Keith"". The film was marketed with the tagline ""The screen's last word in shock sensation!"" The frequent mentions of Burke, Hare, and Dr. Knox, all refer to the West Port murders in 1828."
Monufia Governorate is one of the governorates of Egypt. It is located in the northern part of the country in the Nile Delta, to the south of Gharbia Governorate and to the north of Cairo. The governorate is named after Menouf, an ancient city which was the capital of the governorate until 1826. The current governor is Said Mohammed Mohammed Abbas.
Alyssa Ann Goodman is the Robert Wheeler Willson Professor of Applied Astronomy at Harvard University, co-Director for Science at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study, Research Associate of the Smithsonian Institution, and the founding director of the Harvard Initiative in Innovative Computing.
Portarlington, historically called Cooletoodera, is a town on the border of County Laois and County Offaly, Ireland. The River Barrow forms the border. The town was recorded in the 2016 census as having a population of 8,368.
Greenwood, also known as Beverly Hall, is a historic mansion in Memphis, Tennessee, USA.
"Zenobia is a 1939 comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas and starring Oliver Hardy, Harry Langdon, Billie Burke, Alice Brady, James Ellison, Jean Parker, June Lang, Stepin Fetchit and Hattie McDaniel. The source of the film was the 1891 short story ""Zenobia's Infidelity"" by H.C. Bunner, which was originally purchased by producer Hal Roach as a vehicle for Roland Young."
Willem Arnold Alting was a Dutch colonial administrator who served as Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 1780 to 1797.
Omurtag Municipality is a municipality in Targovishte Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, located in the so-called Fore-Balkan area north of the Stara planina mountain. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Omurtag.
Taura is a municipality in the district of Mittelsachsen, in Saxony, Germany.
Pernegg an der Mur is a municipality in the district of Bruck-Mürzzuschlag in Styria, Austria. It is home to the famous Drachenhöhle cave and the famous chess player Laurenz Gierer.
Zawata is a Palestinian town in the Nablus Governorate in northern West Bank, located 6 kilometers Northwest of Nablus. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the town had a population of 1,900 inhabitants in mid-year 2006.
The Rural Municipality of Foam Lake No. 276 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 10 and SARM Division No. 4. It is located in the east-central portion of the province.
Nevsha is a village in north-eastern Bulgaria. It is located in the municipality of Vetrino, Varna Province.
Gissi is a town and comune located in the Province of Chieti, Abruzzo, Italy.
"Eric ""Bibo"" Bergeron is a French animator and film director. His work includes The Road to El Dorado, Shark Tale and A Monster in Paris.
Siedenbrünzow is a municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Freeport is a passenger rail station in Freeport, Maine, which is located on Amtrak's Downeaster line. The Downeaster operates from North Station in Boston to Brunswick Maine Street Station in Brunswick, Maine, via the Portland Transportation Center in Portland, Maine. Freeport was part of a $38.3 million project to rehabilitate 30 miles of track between Portland and Brunswick. Most of the money came from the federal government with an additional $500,000 of state money spent on platforms on Freeport and Brunswick. The first official service to the station was on November 1, 2012.
Citrus County is a county located on the west central coast of the U.S. state of Florida. As of the 2010 census, the population was 141,236. Its county seat is Inverness, and its largest community is Homosassa Springs.
Vendelsöarna is an archipelago and a nature reserve in Varberg Municipality, Sweden, near the border with Kungsbacka Municipality. The reserve consists of the northern part of the main island Vendelsö and the surrounding islands Brattö, Norstön, Kidholmen, and Älmö. There are two other islands in the archipelago, Ustö and Knarrskär, but they are not included in the reserve. The protected area has an area of 563 hectares, of which 128 hectares are land. It was established in 2002.
Cachapoal Province is one of three provinces of the central Chilean region of O'Higgins (VI). Its capital is the city of Rancagua.
Wittman Regional Airport is a county-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles south of the central business district of Oshkosh, a city in Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States. A large portion at the south end of the airport is located in the town of Nekimi. It is located adjacent to Pioneer Airport, part of the EAA Aviation Museum. The airport was named after pioneer air racer, aircraft designer and builder Steve Wittman in 1972. Originally named Winnebago County Airport, the name Steve Wittman Field was proposed in 1968 and it is also known as Wittman Field. It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2019–2023, in which it is categorized as a regional general aviation facility.
The St. Joseph River is a 206 miles long tributary of Lake Michigan flowing generally westerly through southern Michigan and northern Indiana, United States, to its terminus on the southeast shore of the lake. It drains a primarily rural farming area in the watershed of Lake Michigan. It was enormously important to Native Americans and greatly aided in the colonial exploration, settlement and administration of New France and the nascent United States as a canoe route between Lake Michigan and the watershed of the Mississippi River.
"Royal West Norfolk Golf Club is a golf club in Brancaster, Norfolk, England, about 7 miles east of Hunstanton, between Brancaster Bay and the salt marshes. The links course opened in 1892. Simon Rayner is a professional at the club. The ""Royal"" club name is named after Edward VII, who was the Prince of Wales at the time of opening.
Gene Calderazzo is an American jazz drummer residing in the United Kingdom, where he is a visiting tutor at the Birmingham Conservatoire, the Royal Academy of Music, Trinity and the Guildhall. He also drums for the jazz quartet, Partisans, with Julien Siegel, Phil Robson, and Thad Kelly.
"Rupert Spira is an international teacher of the ""direct path"", a method of spiritual self enquiry through talks and writing, and a notable English potter and studio potter with work in public and private collections."
Akash Vukoti is an American spelling prodigy and TV personality from San Angelo, Texas. He was the first-ever first grader to qualify for and compete in the Scripps National Spelling Bee, and first appeared in the NBC TV show Little Big Shots in March 2016.
Shirasawa Keikoku Station is a guided bus station in Moriyama-ku, Nagoya, Aichi Prefecture, Japan.
"Máximo Francisco Repilado Muñoz Telles, known professionally as ""Compay Segundo"", was a Cuban trova guitarist, singer and composer."
Barbro Martinsson is a former Swedish cross-country skier who competed during the 1960s. Born in Valbo, she won two silver medals in the 3 × 5 km relay at the 1964 Winter Olympics and the 1968 Winter Olympics. Martinsson finished fourth in the 1968 Winter Olympics in both 5 km and 10 km.
DB Cargo UK, formerly DB Schenker Rail UK and English, Welsh & Scottish Railway, is a British rail freight company headquartered in Doncaster, England.
Jovan Jovanovi is a Serbian footballer, who plays as a forward for Kolubara. He is also nicknamed Zmaj as a Serbian poet Jovan Jovanovi Zmaj.
General Sava Gruji was a Serbian politician, statesman, army officer, and author, serving five times as Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Serbia under two different monarchs from 1887 to 1906.
Timashyovsky District is an administrative district, one of the thirty-eight in Krasnodar Krai, Russia. As a municipal division, it is incorporated as Timashyovsky Municipal District. It is located in the center of the krai. The area of the district is 1,506.4 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the town of Timashyovsk. Population: 106,130; 107,189; 91,851. The population of Timashyovsk accounts for 50.8% of the district's total population.
Lavina Tandon is an Indian television actress who started her career as a child artist.
Mignon Fogarty is a former faculty member in journalism at the University of Nevada, Reno, and a former science writer who produces an educational podcast about English grammar and usage titled Grammar Girl's Quick and Dirty Tips for Better Writing, which was named one of the best podcasts of 2007 by iTunes. She is also the founder of the Quick and Dirty Tips podcasting network.
Evelyn J. Fields is a rear admiral of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps, who served as the director of the Commissioned Officer Corps and director of NOAA's Office of Marine and Aviation Operations, until her retirement in 2003. Fields was the first woman, and first African American to head the NOAA Corps.
The Harrods bombing refers to the car bomb that exploded outside Harrods department store in central London on Saturday 17 December 1983. Members of the Provisional IRA planted the time bomb and sent a warning 37 minutes before it exploded, but the area was not evacuated. The blast killed three police officers and three civilians, injured 90 people, and caused much damage. The IRA Army Council claimed it had not authorised the attack and expressed regret for the civilian casualties. After the bombing, the IRA shifted its emphasis towards attacks on military targets on the mainland.
The Guianan warbling antbird is an insectivorous bird in the antbird family, Thamnophilidae. It is found at lower levels in humid forest in the Guianas, far eastern Venezuela, and north-eastern Brazil.
Coeloginanthrin is a phenanthrenoid found in the orchid Coelogyne cristata.
Dr Anita Marianne Heiss is an Australian author, poet, cultural activist and social commentator whose work spans non-fiction, historical fiction, commercial women's fiction, poetry, social commentary and travel articles. She is a regular guest at writers' festivals and travels internationally performing her work and lecturing on Indigenous literature.
"Nygawa Station is a railway station in Saij, Ehime Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number ""Y36""."
"Cañete is a city and commune in Chile, located in the Arauco Province of the Biobío Region. It is located 135 km to the south of Concepción. Cañete is known as a ""Historic City"" as it is one of the oldest cities in country. The Battle of Tucapel and Pedro de Valdivia's death happened near the city's current location. Cañete was also an important location in the Arauco War."
Alampla is a genus of moths in the family Immidae.
The Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works, usually known as the Berne Convention, is an international agreement governing copyright, which was first accepted in Berne, Switzerland, in 1886.
The Gen. Joseph B. Palmer House is a historic house in Murfreesboro, Tennessee, U.S.. It was built in 1867-1869 for Joseph B. Palmer, who served as a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War of 1861–1865. It was designed in the Italianate architectural style. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since September 20, 1973.
The Ordre du Mérite indochinois was a regional award of France awarded by the Governor-General of Indochina for the local population of French Indochina.
Misheel Jargalsaikhan is a Polish child actress who moved with her family to Chojnice in Poland at the age of three. Since 1999 she has been acting in Rodzina zastpcza TV series.
Sixt-sur-Aff is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Sarah Joyce, better known by her stage name, Rumer, is a British singer–songwriter. Supported by leading music industry figures including Burt Bacharach, Elton John, Carly Simon, and Jools Holland, Rumer was nominated for two Brit awards on 13 January 2011. Her debut album, Seasons of My Soul, released in 2010, peaked on the UK Charts at #3, was certified platinum in 2013 having sold over one million copies, and was listed at #26 in the Official Top 40 Biggest Debut Albums of the Decade in 2019. Rumer's voice has been described by The Guardian and many others as being reminiscent of Karen Carpenter. Her stage name was inspired by the author Rumer Godden. Boys Don't Cry, released in 2012, peaked on the UK Charts at #3. She has performed at several festivals such as Glastonbury Festival. Her latest album This Girl's in Love: A Bacharach and David Songbook was released in November 2016.
Ursula Schwaller is a Swiss para-cyclist, who won two bronze medals at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
The Director-General of the Police of Spain is a high-ranking official in the Ministry of the Interior. The Director-General is nominated by the Minister of Home Affairs after consulting to the Council of Ministers and he or she is appointed by the Monarch. The director general reports directly to the Secretary of State for Security and has rank of Under Secretary.
The Region of Amazonas is a region of Peru. It is in the northwest part of the country. Its capital is the city of Chachapoyas.
Palau Micronesia Air was an airline based in Palau. It operated services under the Air New Zealand air operators certificate. It suspended operations in December 2004.
Pistolet maszynowy wz. 39 Mors was a Polish submachine gun designed by Piotr Wilniewczyc and Jan Skrzypiski between 1936 and 1938. It was to have become the standard submachine gun of the Polish Army some time in the 1940s. However, its production was halted by the 1939 Invasion of Poland and World War II.
Acton is an area of West London, England, within the London Borough of Ealing. It is 6.1 miles west of Charing Cross. It lies within the Historic County of Middlesex.
Milton Township is one of the fifteen townships of Ashland County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census the population was 2,383.
Sutherland Industrial is an industrial subdivision located in east-central Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. It was originally part of Sutherland, a town outside of Saskatoon before being annexed by the city in 1956. The subdivision also contains the first urban reserve in Saskatchewan, the Muskeg Lake Cree Nation.
Copley railway station was a railway station that served the village of Copley in West Yorkshire, England.
Alma Rubens was an American film actress and stage performer.
The Stadio Friuli is an all-seater football stadium in Udine, Italy, and the home of Serie A club Udinese. The stadium was built in 1976 and has a capacity of 25,144. It is sponsored by Romanian car manufacturer Dacia.
The NHS Centre for Integrative Care, formerly the Glasgow Homeopathic Hospital, is an NHS treatment centre specialising in homeopathic treatments on the Gartnavel Hospital campus in Glasgow. It is managed by NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde.
Suursoo is a village in Rae Parish, Harju County, in northern Estonia. It has a population of 78.
Trinity Memorial Episcopal Church is a former parish church in the Episcopal Diocese of Iowa. The historic building is located in Mapleton, Iowa, United States. The church building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. The former church building and hall now house the Museum of American History.
Administrative Staff College of India, was started jointly by the Government of India and the representatives of industry as an autonomous institute in the year 1956 to impart training in the field of management development. It is located at the palace of the erstwhile Prince of Berar known as Bella Vista at Hyderabad who was heir apparent to the of Hyderabad. Prince of Berar, Nawab Mir Himayat Ali Khan, Azam Jah Bahadur, the elder son of the Seventh Nizam of Hyderabad, Mir Osman Ali Khan.
Oneida Township is one of fourteen townships in Kearney County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 515 at the 2000 census. A 2006 estimate placed the township's population at 495.
The Anglican Church of St Hugh in Charterhouse, within the English county of Somerset, dates from 1908. It is a Grade II* listed building.
The McPhaul Suspension Bridge, sometimes known as Yuma, Arizona's Bridge to Nowhere is a suspension bridge that used to carry a section of U.S. Route 95. The bridge is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The bridge, which was named for local Yuma resident Henry Harrison McPhaul, was built over the Gila River in 1929 and replaced in 1968 when it was deemed insufficient for modern transportation needs. A dam and replacement bridge, subsequently destroyed, were built and the river was rerouted.
Joe Giella is an American comic book artist best known as a DC Comics inker during the late 1950s and 1960s period which historians and fans call the Silver Age of comic books.
Tianshui is the second-largest city in Gansu Province, China. Its population is approximately 3.5 million. The city and its surroundings have played an important role in the early history of China, as still visible in the form of historic sites.
Oreste Omar Corbatta Fernández was an Argentine footballer who played as right winger. Corbatta is regarded as the greatest idol in the history of Racing Club.
The 1918 United States Senate election in Montana took place on November 5, 1918. Incumbent United States Senator Thomas J. Walsh, who was first elected to the Senate in 1912, ran for re-election. He won the Democratic primary uncontested, and was opposed in the general election by Oscar M. Lanstrum, a former State Representative and the Republican nominee, and Jeannette Rankin, one of two United States Representatives from Montana's at-large congressional district and the nominee of the National Party. Walsh narrowly won his second term in the Senate.
Saugerties is a village in Ulster County, New York, United States. The population was 3,971 at the 2010 census.
The Rape of Pevensey is one of the rapes, the traditional sub-divisions unique to the historic county of Sussex in England.
NGC 6229 is a globular cluster located in the constellation Hercules. It is designated as GCB in the galaxy morphological classification scheme and was discovered by the British astronomer William Herschel on 12 May 1787. NGC 6229 is located at about 100,000 light years away from earth.
Becky Hogge is a UK-based music and technology writer and the first full-time executive director of the Open Rights Group, resigning in 2008. She was previously the managing editor, and then the technology director and technology commissioning editor for openDemocracy.net. During her time with openDemocracy she helped establish the China environment website chinadialogue.net, along with editor Isabel Hilton. She is a former board member of the Open Knowledge Foundation. and a member of its advisory board.
Julián López Escobar commonly known as El Juli, is a Spanish bullfighter.
William Lee Enyart, Jr. was the U.S. Representative for Illinois's 12th congressional district. A member of the Democratic Party, Enyart was elected on November 6, 2012 and assumed office on January 3, 2013. Enyart is a former attorney and Adjutant General of Illinois.
Pelham is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 12,897 at the 2010 census, and in 2017 the estimated population was 13,681.
Müncheberg is a small town in Märkisch-Oderland, Germany approximately halfway between Berlin and the border with Poland, within the historic region of Lubusz Land.
Prices Corner is an unincorporated community in New Castle County, Delaware, United States. Prices Corner is located at the intersection of Delaware Route 2 and Delaware Route 141 west of Wilmington. The Prices Corner Shopping Center is located in Prices Corner.
Hatbox Field is a closed airfield located within city limits, two nautical miles west of central Muskogee, a city in Muskogee County, Oklahoma, United States. It was opened sometime in the early 1920s and was closed in 2000. It is the location of the Love-Hatbox Sports Complex, a large recreation center and waterpark.
"The Canadian Embassy building in Mexico City was designed by Étienne Gaboury of Winnipeg, previously noted as a church architect, and was inaugurated in 1982. Located at Schiller 529, Col. Bosque de Chapultepec, it is a ""celebrated"" design which features many metaphors meant to evoke various natural landscapes of Canada, as well as integrating a Spanish colonial style courtyard. The total area of the building is 6,500 square metres, including an artium on the first floor, a multipurpose room for hosting events, and an employee cafeteria. The two upper floors contain the diplomatic, cultural, and business offices. Artwork inside the building includes silk banners in autumn colours by Takeo Tanabe and a large wooden totem pole by Tony Hunt.
The Bastion Middelburg is a bastion in Melaka City, Melaka, Malaysia located at the mouth of Melaka River.
Le Planquay is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
This is a timeline documenting events of Jazz in the year 2018.
Fiorenza Bassoli was an Italian politician.
Naranjito barrio-pueblo is a barrio and the administrative center of Naranjito, a municipality of Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,157.
Shabab Sabri is a Bollywood playback singer
Opole Voivodeship, or Opole Province, is the smallest and least populated voivodeship of Poland. The province's name derives from that of the region's capital and largest city, Opole. It is part of Upper Silesia. A relatively large German minority, with representatives in the Sejm, lives in the voivodeship, and the German language is co-official in 28 communes.
Alvito is a town and comune in central Italy, in the province of Frosinone, south of Rome in the Lazio region. Its territory is included in the Abruzzo, Lazio and Molise National Park.
Tomb of Kamal-ol-molk is a building in the city of Nishapur, which is place of burial Kamal-ol-molk. This building is located near the Mausoleum of Attar of Nishapur. The designer of this memorial is Hooshang Seyhoun and opened on April 1, 1963 with the presence of Farah Pahlavi in the opening ceremony.
A life cycle ritual is a ceremony to mark a change in a person's biological or social status at various phases throughout life. Such practices are found in many societies and are often based on traditions of a community. Life cycle rituals may also have religious significance that is stemmed from different ideals and beliefs.
Éloie is a commune in the Territoire de Belfort department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in northeastern France.
Ronnie Bell is an American football wide receiver for the Michigan Wolverines. He was Michigan's offensive rookie of the year in 2018 and led the 2019 team with 48 receptions for 758 yards.
Cusco is a district in the northern Cusco Province within the Cusco Region of Peru. It is bordered by districts of Ccorca and Poroy on the west, the provinces of Anta, the Calca, and Urubamba on the north, the San Jerónimo District on the east, and the districts of Santiago and San Sebastián to the south.
Lieberose is a town in the Dahme-Spreewald district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 25 km north of Cottbus.
Huayuanqiao is a station on Line 6 of the Beijing Subway. This station opened on December 30, 2012.
Anthony Meier is an American former basketball player who last played for Stelmet Zielona Góra of the Polish Basketball League. After four years at the University of Wisconsin at Milwaukee, Meier entered the 2012 NBA draft but was not selected in the draft's two rounds.
Lyle Moevao is a former college football quarterback for the Oregon State Beavers football team. Moevao was the starting quarterback for the Beavers for the 2008 season, throwing for 2,534 yards and 19 touchdowns with a quarterback rating of 128.41. He also helped the Beavers to a 3–0 victory in the 2008 Sun Bowl against the Pittsburgh Panthers.
"r/AskHistorians is a subreddit on Reddit where users may ask questions or start discussions about history, and is ""one of the largest history forums on the internet"". It was founded in 2011 and has remained highly active ever since, having over 1,000,000 subscribers as of August 9, 2019. Unlike other Reddit communities, it aims to ""provide serious, academic-level answers to questions about history"" and is strictly moderated."
Eton is a town in Berkshire, England. It is next to the opposite bank of the River Thames to Windsor and is connected to the Windsor Bridge.
Ruddy Buquet is a French professional football referee. He has been a full international for FIFA since 2011.
The Grainger Museum is a repository of items documenting the life, career and music of the composer, folklorist, educator and pianist Percy Grainger, located in the grounds of the University of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
NGC 6905, also known as the Blue Flash Nebula, is a planetary nebula in the constellation Delphinus. It was discovered by William Herschel in 1784. The central star is 14.0 mag. The distance of the nebula, as with most planetary nebulae, is not well determined and estimates range between 1.7 and 2.6 kpc.
Champtonnay is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Hypomeces squamosus, also known as the gold-dust weevil is a species of the true weevil family.
Navarro is a town in Navarro County, Texas, United States. The population was 210 at the 2010 census.
Robert Darch is a British artist-photographer. His first book, The Moor, was published in 2018.
The Principality of Leiningen was a short-lived principality ruled by the Prince of Leiningen.
Bodine's Bridge carries New York State Route 211 across the Wallkill River, a mile south of the village of Montgomery, New York, United States, near Orange County Airport. At 340 feet in length, the steel through truss is the longest bridge along Route 211.
Jann Mardenborough is a British professional racing driver competing in the Japanese Super GT series. In 2011 he became the third winner of the GT Academy competition, beating 90,000 entrants. He was rewarded with a drive for Nissan at the Dubai 24 Hour race. Subsequently, he competed in the F3 European Championship and the GP3 Series, winning a race in Hockenheim. He also competed in the 24 Hours of Le Mans, finishing third in the LMP2 class on his debut in 2013. He competed for Nissan Motorsports in the 2015 FIA World Endurance Championship, but the team withdrew from the series after one race due to a very uncompetitive car.
Newington is a western suburb of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. It is 16 kilometres west of the Sydney central business district, in the local government area of City of Parramatta.
Ylva Lindberg is a Swedish retired ice hockey player. She won a silver medal at the 2006 Winter Olympics and a bronze medal at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
The River Llynfi, Welsh: Afon Llynfi, is one of three main tributaries of the River Ogmore.
Pierre Brossolette was a French journalist, a leading left-wing politician, and a major hero of the French Resistance.
Hugh Clifford Mackay AO is the founder of the Australian quarterly research series The Mackay Report 1979-2003, which later became The Ipsos Mackay Report. He is a psychologist, social researcher and writer. He was a weekly newspaper columnist for 25 years and is a regularly appearing commentator on radio and television.
Milcah Chemos Cheywa is a runner from Kenya who specialises in 3000 metres steeplechase. She was, until 2015, African record holder at the distance and is the gold medalist of the 2013 World Championships in Athletics.
Ngawa Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture, also known as Aba, is an autonomous prefecture of northwestern Sichuan, bordering Gansu to the north and northeast and Qinghai to the northwest. Its seat is in Barkam, and it has an area of 83,201 km². The population was 919,987 in late 2013.
Coryphodon is an extinct genus of mammal.
Malvin Gray Johnson was an American painter, born and raised in Greensboro, North Carolina.
Constanzana is a municipality located in the province of Ávila, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census, the municipality has a population of 168 inhabitants.
Typical antipsychotics are a class of antipsychotic drugs first developed in the 1950s and used to treat psychosis. Typical antipsychotics may also be used for the treatment of acute mania, agitation, and other conditions. The first typical antipsychotics to come into medical use were the phenothiazines, namely chlorpromazine which was discovered serendipitously. Another prominent grouping of antipsychotics are the butyrophenones, an example of which would be haloperidol. The newer, second-generation antipsychotics, also known as atypical antipsychotics, have largely supplanted the use of typical antipsychotics as first-line agents due to the higher risk of movement disorders in the latter.
So Yamamura was a Japanese actor and film director. He appeared in more than 110 films between 1947 and 1991, and directed four films. He was also known by the name Satoshi Yamamura, while his actual birth name is Koga Hirosada. In the US, he is well known for his portrayals of Japanese Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto of the Combined Fleet, in Tora! Tora! Tora!, and of Mr. Sakamoto, the CEO of Assan Motors in Gung Ho.
Ulmus 'Sapporo Autumn Gold' is one of the most commercially successful hybrid elm cultivars ever marketed, widely planted across North America and western Europe, although it has now been largely supplanted by more recent introductions. Arising from a chance crossing of the Japanese elm and Siberian elm, seed was sent in 1958 by Prof. Nobuku Takahashi and his colleagues at the Sapporo Botanical Garden of Hokkaido University, Sapporo, to Eugene Smalley at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. The patent issued in 1975 has expired, and there are now no propagation restrictions.
Lody Kong is an American sludge metal band from Phoenix, Arizona, formed in 2011. The band is known for being led by brothers Igor and Zyon Cavalera, both sons of former Sepultura and current Soulfly frontman Max Cavalera.
Mont-ral is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Camp, Tarragona, Catalonia, Spain.
Shdai Naoya is a Japanese professional sumo wrestler from Uto, Kumamoto. He is in the Tokitsukaze stable. He is a right hand inside-type wrestler. His highest rank is sekiwake. He has one gold star for defeating a yokozuna and four special prizes for Fighting Spirit. He has been runner-up in two tournaments.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow is a bronze statue, by William Couper, and Thomas Ball. The statue depicts American poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. It is located at the intersection of M Street and Connecticut Avenue, N.W. Washington, D.C. and was dedicated on May 7, 1909.
"Rappie pie is a traditional Acadian dish from southwest Nova Scotia and areas of Prince Edward Island. It is sometimes referred to as ""rapure pie"" or ""râpure"". Its name is derived from the French ""patates râpées"" meaning ""grated potatoes"". It is a casserole-like dish traditionally formed by grating potatoes, then squeezing them through cheesecloth. This removes some of the water from the potato solids. The liquid removed is replaced by adding hot broth made from chicken, pork or seafood along with meat and onions, and layering additional grated potatoes over the top.
Sustrans is a UK walking and cycling charity and custodian of the National Cycle Network.
Edmond Poillot, was a French journalist, pioneer aviation pilot and amateur boxer. He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1908 Summer Olympics.
Mark Bell is a Canadian ice hockey coach and a former professional ice hockey forward. Bell was selected by the Chicago Blackhawks in the first round of the 1998 NHL Entry Draft. In the NHL, Bell played for the Blackhawks, San Jose Sharks, Toronto Maple Leafs, and Anaheim Ducks. Later in his career, he played in Switzerland and Germany.
Pomezia is a municipality in the Metropolitan City of Rome, Lazio, central Italy. In 2009 it had a population of about 60,000.
Joffre Lakes Provincial Park is a class A provincial park located 35 km east of Pemberton in British Columbia, Canada. It was established in 1988.
Sarah Jane Taylor is a former English cricketer. She is a wicket-keeper-batter known for her free-flowing stroke play, opening the batting in one-day matches and batting in the middle order in Tests. She was a member of the England team which retained the Ashes in Australia in 2008. She plays county cricket for Sussex. In September 2019, Taylor announced her retirement from all forms of international cricket, following an ongoing anxiety issue.
Mtemere Airstrip is an airstrip serving the Selous Game Reserve in Southern Tanzania.
York Township is one of the fourteen townships of Union County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 1,334 people in the township.
"Jean Balukas is an American pool player from Brooklyn, New York. During the 1970s and 1980s, many people thought Balukas was the greatest female player ever. Some people described her as a leader and ""a child prodigy, a loner who rebelled against dress codes for women—the pool equivalent of Billie Jean King"". Balukas was named Billiard Congress of America Player of the Year five times. She was the youngest person given an entry in the BCA Hall of Fame. She is only the second woman given that honor. In 1999, Balukas was ranked fifteenth on Billiard Digest's Fifty Greatest Players of the 20 Century.
Blessed Panacea was a young girl martyred at the age of fifteen who was beatified.
Mel Arnold MP is a Canadian politician who was elected as a Member of Parliament in the House of Commons of Canada to represent the federal electoral district of North Okanagan—Shuswap during the 2015 Canadian federal election.
The High School of Economics and Finance is a public high school in Manhattan, New York City. Located at 100 Trinity Place in the Financial District, the school's building was formerly the home of New York University's graduate business school. The school's curriculum incorporates study of corporate business and finance. College level accounting classes are offered to all students. The school cultivates business internship relationships with corporations including Deutsche Bank and Citigroup. HSEF's relationship with Citigroup is unique, since the New York City Department of Education partnered with the company to found the school in 1993.
Fremontodendron californicum, with the common names California flannelbush, California fremontia, and flannel bush, is a flowering shrub native to diverse habitats in southwestern North America.
"Dantakali Temple is a Hindu template situated in a mountainous terrain of Bijayapur in Dharan, Nepal. Dantakali is famous among the Hindus as the place where the sacred teeth of the goddess Satidevi lie. ""Danta"" means teeth and ""Kali"" is a Hindu God.
Lydia Casey Jele is a Botswana athlete competing primarily in the 400 metres. She participated in the relay at the 2013 World Championships without qualifying for the final. She ran the 400 meters at the 2016 Summer Olympics. She qualified by winning the Botswana Athletics Association Championships.
Arctic grayling is a species of freshwater fish in the salmon family Salmonidae. T. arcticus is widespread throughout the Arctic and Pacific drainages in Canada, Alaska, and Siberia, as well as the upper Missouri River drainage in Montana. In the U.S. state of Arizona, an introduced population is found in the Lee Valley and other lakes in the White Mountains. They were also stocked at Toppings Lake by the Teton Range and in various lakes in the high Uinta Mountains in Utah, as well as various alpine lakes of the Boulder Mountain chain in central Idaho.
"Downtown Albemarle Historic District is a national historic district located at Albemarle, Stanly County, North Carolina. The district encompasses 20 contributing buildings in the central business district of Albemarle. They were built between about 1898 and 1950 and include notable examples of Early Commercial architecture. Located in the district and separately listed is the Starnes Opera House. Other notable buildings include the Central Lunch, Farmers Hardware and General Store, King Block I, King Block II, King Block III, J. C. Parker Building, King Building, Hall's Pharmacy Building, Efird Dry Goods Store, The Enterprise Steam Print Building, ""The Big Store"", Fitzgerald Building, and Morgan Furniture Building.
Edmund James Bristol, PC was a Canadian politician.
Bobowa is a small town in Gorlice County, southern Poland. Administratively part of the Lesser Polish Voivodeship, it is situated 18 kilometres west of Gorlice and 83 km south-east of the regional capital Kraków. It was formerly a village, but was granted town status on 1 January 2009. Bobowa is also located on a railway line running from Tarnów to the border with Slovakia at Leluchów.
Petersburg Borough is a borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. According to Census Bureau estimates, the population was 3,266 in 2019. The borough seat is Petersburg. Petersburg is the most recently created county equivalent in the United States.
A pond-apple is a type of fruit. It is not related to the apple. They usually live near or in water.
Nina Kirsanova was one of the most important ballet artists in Belgrade, who distinguished herself as a lead principal dancer, choreographer, head of ballet and ballet teacher. She also spent time as a nurse, archaeologist and actress.
Leeds East is a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2015 by Richard Burgon of the Labour Party.
The Whitehead Mark 3 torpedo was a Whitehead torpedo adopted by the United States Navy for use in an anti-surface ship role after the E. W. Bliss Company of Brooklyn, New York secured manufacturing rights in 1892.
Blšany u Loun is a village and municipality in Louny District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.
The second USS Grand Rapids was an Asheville-class gunboat in the United States Navy during the Vietnam War.
Chancay is a small city located 78 km north of Lima. Its population is 63,378. The Chancay culture was a Pre-Columbian archeological culture, later part of the Inca Empire.
Vrbice is a village and municipality in Beclav District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
Sogn is a traditional district in Western Norway. It is located in the county of Vestland, surrounding the Sognefjord, the largest/longest fjord in Norway. The district of Sogn consists of the municipalities of Aurland, Balestrand, Hyllestad, Høyanger, Gulen, Leikanger, Luster, Lærdal, Sogndal, Solund, Vik, and Årdal. The district covers 10,675 square kilometres and contains about 35% of the county's population. The largest urban area in Sogn is the village of Sogndalsfjøra, with 3,455 residents. The second largest urban area is the village Øvre Årdal, with 3,397 people.
Maharashtra is a state in the western peninsular region of India occupying a substantial portion of the Deccan Plateau. As the home of the Marathi people, Maharashtra is the second-most populous state and third-largest state by area in India. Spread over 307,713 km², it is also the world's second-most populous country subdivision. Maharashtra is bordered by the Arabian Sea to the west, the Indian states of Karnataka and Goa to the south, Telangana to the southeast and Chhattisgarh to the east, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh to the north, and the Indian union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu to the northwest.
Kozhikkode Lighthouse is a defunct light in the Kozhikkode District of Kerala. It was constructed in 1907. The first lighthouse was constructed in 1847 at a height of 33 meters. The current tower is 15 meters and is painted white. Kozhikode or Calicut lighthouse is automated, and an LED flasher apparatus is in use.
Barrett Township is a township in Monroe County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 4,225 at the 2010 census. Two Poconos resort communities, Buck Hill Falls and Skytop, are located within the township. It is located 38 miles from Scranton and 48 miles from Wilkes-Barre. There is one privately owned, public-use airport in Barrett Township called the Flying Dollar Airport.
Greenwich is a district of London. It is in the Borough of Greenwich, about 8.9 km east south-east of Charing Cross. The Royal Observatory there is the basis for the Greenwich Meridian and Greenwich Mean Time.
Lake Mogilnoye is a small salt/fresh-water lake on the Kildin Island, Murmansk Oblast, Russia near Kildin Strait. The name literally means 'tomb lake, sepulchral lake' in Russian, and refers to the destruction and plundering being done by British troops to the area during the Finnish War in 1809.
Hemse is a locality in Gotland Municipality in Gotland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,715 people lived there.
Bermudian Americans are Americans of full or partial Bermudian ancestry.
Line 4 is a line of Suzhou Rail Transit. It runs in a north-south alignment from Longdaobang station in Xiangcheng District's the northern suburbs, to the canal town of Tongli in Wujiang District in the south and Muli in the southwest. The line is 52.8 km long with 38 stations, which consists of a 41.1 kilometer long main line with 30 stations and a branch line.
Stadionul Mircea Chivu is a multi-purpose stadium, located in Reia, Romania. It has a capacity of 12,500 people and is the home ground of CSM Reia. The stadium is named after Mircea Chivu, the father of soccer player Cristian Chivu, former captain of the Romanian national football team.
The Sultanate of Muscat and Oman was a state that encompassed the present-day Sultanate of Oman and parts of present-day United Arab Emirates and Gwadar, Pakistan. Muscat courts' verdicts were based on Ibadi Islamic sharia law and appeals were raised to the Sultan of Muscat, who exercised supreme ruling.
The Military Air-Scout is considered by some aviation film historians as one of the first aviation films recorded worldwide. William J. Humphrey directed the two-reeler in 1911, with the cooperation of the U.S. Army authorities who allowed Lt. Henry Arnold, a pioneer military pilot to carry out stunt flying for the film.
Francisco Javier Insa Bohigues or better known as Kiko Insa is a Spanish-born Malaysian professional footballer who plays for Johor Darul Ta'zim and the Malaysia national team. Insa plays mainly as a centre-back but can also play as a defensive midfielder or as a central midfielder.
Mats Møller Dæhli is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Genk.
"Pastoriza Flores was an Ecuadorian educator. She was the first Ecuadorean woman student to hold the degree of Ph.D. from an American university, and she was awarded it at the age of twenty-four. ""I had to hurry. Other Hispanic Americans had come to study in the universities of the United States, and I was afraid some other woman would reach that goal before me."""
The New York State Police is the official state police force of the U.S. state of New York and employs over 5,000 sworn
Ellis Cliffs is a ghost town in Adams County, Mississippi, United States.
Alp is a town and municipality in the comarca of Cerdanya, Province of Girona, Catalonia, Spain. Its population is 1,745 according to the 2012 census.
Alberndorf in der Riedmark is a municipality in the district of Urfahr-Umgebung in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.
Djibouti City is the eponymous capital and largest city of Djibouti. It is located in the coastal Djibouti Region on the Gulf of Tadjoura.
Monte Gavia is a mountain of the Sobretta-Gavia Group in Lombardy, Italy. It has an elevation of 3,223 metres and towers above the Gavia Pass.
Kalathappam is a North Malabar, especially Kannur, Malappuram and Kasaragod,
Kostolec is a village and municipality in Považská Bystrica District in the Trenín Region of north-western Slovakia.
7 May 1891
Ysbyty Ystrad Fawr is a community hospital at Ystrad Mynach in Caerphilly County Borough in Wales. It is managed by Aneurin Bevan University Health Board.
Jeremias Friedrich Reuß was a German theologian. He was the father of the philologist and librarian Jeremias David Reuß.
Camille de Soyécourt or Thérèse-Camille de l'Enfant-Jésus was a wealthy heiress and French Catholic nun who restored the Carmelite Order in France after the French Revolution.
General Jacinto Blas Treviño González was a Mexican military officer, noteworthy for his participation in the Mexican Revolution of 1910 to 1921.
Pineglen was a bulk carrier owned and operated by Canada Steamship Lines.
Silene hicesiae is a species of plant in the family Caryophyllaceae. It is endemic to Panarea and Alicudi, which form part of the Aeolian archipelago, a commune of Sicily, Italy. Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation and rocky areas. It is threatened by habitat loss.
"Conjunctivitis, also known as pink eye, is inflammation of the outermost layer of the white part of the eye and the inner surface of the eyelid. It makes the eye appear pink or reddish. Pain, burning, scratchiness, or itchiness may occur. The affected eye may have increased tears or be ""stuck shut"" in the morning. Swelling of the white part of the eye may also occur. Itching is more common in cases due to allergies. Conjunctivitis can affect one or both eyes.
The Shire of Coorow is a local government area located in the Mid West region of Western Australia, about 290 kilometres north of Perth, the state capital, and about 130 kilometres south of the city of Geraldton. The Shire covers an area of 4,194 square kilometres and its seat of government is the town of Coorow, with the largest settlement being Leeman.
Covenanter's Church is a New England meeting house style structure located in Grand Pré, Nova Scotia, and is the oldest extant Presbyterian Church in Canada. The meeting house was constructed between 1804 and 1811, with the tower, belfry, and steeple being added in 1818.
The Ja'alin, Ja'aliya, Ja'aliyin or Ja'al are an arabised Nubian tribe in Sudan, constituting a large portion of the Sudanese Arabs. They are the largest among the Sudanese Arabs and are also one of the three prominent tribes of indigenous arabised Nubians in Northern Sudan - The others being the Shaigiya and Danagla. They trace their origin to Ibrahim Ja'al, an Abbasid noble, whose clan originally hailed from the Hejaz and married into the local Nubian population. Ja'al was a descendant of al-Abbas, an uncle of prophet Muhammad. The Ja'alin formerly occupied the country on both banks of the Nile from Khartoum to Abu Hamad. The tribe once spoke a now extinct dialect of Nubian as late as the nineteenth century.
Jacob Troy Hester is a former American football fullback who played professionally in the National Football League. He was drafted by the San Diego Chargers in the third round of the 2008 NFL draft. He played college football at Louisiana State University.
Rosnay-l'Hôpital is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
Carnival Spirit is a cruise ship operated by Carnival Cruise Line. She is actually the second ship of her namesake class to enter service, having been preceded by Costa Atlantica.
HCM-6A is an LAE galaxy that was found in 2002 by a team led by Esther Hu from the University of Hawaii, using the Keck II Telescope in Hawaii. HCM-6A is located behind the Abell 370 galactic cluster, near M77 in the constellation Cetus, which enabled the astronomers to use Abell 370 as a gravitational lens to get a clearer image of the object.
The United States Department of Housing, often abbreviated HUD, is a Cabinet department of the United States federal government. Although its beginnings were in the House and Home Financing Agency, it was founded in 1965 to develop and execute policy on housing and cities. It has largely scaled back its urban development function and now focuses primarily on housing.
The 2017 Atlantic hurricane season was a hyperactive tropical cyclone season and the costliest on record, with a damage total of at least $294.92 billion. The season featured 17 named storms, 10 hurricanes, and 6 major hurricanes, making the season the fifth-most active Atlantic hurricane season on record, tied with 1936.
Scott Blake is an American artist. Similar to the works of pop art, Blake has used everyday images to produce his art. His early works were based entirely on the idea of creating images and art from barcodes.
Ulysses is a city in and the county seat of Grant County, Kansas, United States. It is named after Ulysses S. Grant, the 18th President of the United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 6,161.
Sven Renders is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer who rides for Willems Verandas.
Vrindavan, also known as Brindaban, is a historical and Hindu holy city in the Mathura district of Uttar Pradesh, India. It is one of the most sacred places in Vaishnavism. It is located in the Braj Bhoomi region, and is where, according to Hinduism, Lord Krishna spent most of his childhood days. The city is about 11 km from Mathura, Krishna's birthplace on the Agra-Delhi National Highway as NH-44. The town hosts many temples dedicated to the worship of Radha and Krishna.
Secane station is a SEPTA Regional Rail station in Secane, Pennsylvania. It serves the Media/Elwyn Line and previously served the Pennsylvania Railroad. It is located at Providence Road and South Avenue, and parking is available via permit. In 2013, this station saw 483 boardings and 379 alightings on an average weekday.
The Hotel Campo Imperatore, also known as Albergo di Campo Imperatore, is a hotel on top of Campo Imperatore at 2,130 metres altitude on the slopes of Monte Portella, in the massif of Gran Sasso d'Italia, within the municipality of L'Aquila.
Stink badgers are a genus of the skunk family of carnivorans, the Mephitidae. They resemble the better-known members of the family Mustelidae also termed 'badgers'. There are only two extant species – the Palawan stink badger, and the Sunda stink badger or teledu. They live only on the western islands of the Greater Sunda Islands: Sumatra, Java, Borneo in Indonesia and on the Philippine island of Palawan; as well as many other smaller islands in the region.
Turrella railway station is located on the East Hills line, serving the Sydney suburb of Turrella. It is served by Sydney Trains T8 Airport & South line services.
The Frankfurt University of Music and Performing Arts is a state Hochschule for music, theater and dance in Frankfurt and is the only one of its kind in the Federal State of Hesse. It was founded in 1938.
Grace Randolph is an American comic book writer, host, and YouTuber. She is best known for her YouTube channel Beyond the Trailer. She has written numerous comics, including Justice League Unlimited and X-Men: Nation X, as well as creating the original comic book series Grace Randolph's Supurbia.
Reynolds is a town in Honey Creek Township, White County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 533 at the 2010 census.
Lissac-sur-Couze is a commune in the Corrèze department in central France.
Yomitan is a village located in Nakagami District, Okinawa Prefecture, Japan.
Blaire White is an American YouTuber and political commentator. Describing her beliefs as center-right, she is a critic of third-wave feminism, activists she views as social justice warriors, and activist movements like Black Lives Matter. White supported Donald Trump for the President in 2016; however, she had reservations about him and his policies in office.
Toshiyuki Moriuchi is a Japanese professional shogi player, ranked 9-dan. He is a Lifetime Meijin who won the title eight times, and also a former Ry, Ki and sh title holder. He is also a former senior managing director of the Japan Shogi Association.
The Plains coyote, also known as the brush wolf, is a subspecies of coyote native to the Canadian Prairies of southeastern Alberta, southern Saskatchewan, and the extreme southwestern corner of Manitoba. Its population in the United States occurs in South Dakota, Montana, Wyoming, Colorado, the northeastern corner of New Mexico; North Dakota; northwestern Oklahoma, and the northern Texas Panhandle. It is the largest subspecies, with rather pale fur and bearing large molars and carnassials.
Essa Ismail Rashed is a long-distance runner now representing Qatar after his switch from Kenya in 2004. He represented his adopted country at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the World Championships in Athletics in 2005 and 2007. He is coached by the Italian Renato Canova.
"The Saint Peter and Saint Paul Archipelago is a group of 15 small islets and rocks in the central equatorial Atlantic Ocean. It lies in the Intertropical Convergence Zone, a region of the Atlantic characterized by low average winds punctuated with local thunderstorms. It lies approximately 510 nmi from the nearest point of mainland South America; 625 km northeast of the archipelago of Fernando de Noronha; 990 km from the city of Natal; and 1,824 km from the west coast of Africa. Administratively, the archipelago belongs to Brazil and is part of the special ""state district"" of Fernando de Noronha, in the state of Pernambuco, in spite of the very large distance between the two island groups and the even larger distance to the state mainland.
Albert Ernst Victor Hartkopf was an Australian sportsman who played Test cricket for Australia and Australian rules football for Melbourne University Football Club.
Heribert Barrera i Costa was a Spanish chemist and politician from Catalonia, member of Republican Left of Catalonia and first president of the restored Parliament of Catalonia after Francoism, from 1980 until 1984.
Romanzo Criminale – La serie - is an Italian television series based on the novel of the same name by the judge Giancarlo De Cataldo. The series is an adaptation of the film Romanzo Criminale directed by Michele Placido. The first series quickly achieved cult status in Italy.
Walter Beasley is an American saxophonist, a professor of music at the Berklee College of Music, and founder of Affable Publishing and Affable Records.
"tawara is a city located in Tochigi Prefecture, Japan. As of 1 July 2020, the city had an estimated population of 72,189 in 30,136 households, and a population density of 210 persons per km². The total area of the city is 354.36 square kilometres. The city's name may also be spelled ""Ohtawara"" as indicated by the official city website."
The Quarry Limekiln, near Erin, Tennessee, dating from around 1873, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
The 1970–71 season was the first season of the Local League of Iranian football. The competition was won by Taj Football Club of Tehran.
Col. William M. and Nancy Ralston Bond House is a historic home in Lockport in Niagara County, New York. It is a 2-story brick structure, with a 1 ¹-story side wing, constructed in 1823 in the late Federal / early Greek Revival style. The Niagara County Historical Society operates it as a house museum.
Jeff Sheng is an American artist and photographer. He was a visiting guest professor of photography at Harvard University in 2011. He taught as a visiting assistant professor at the University of California, Santa Barbara for the departments of Studio Art and Asian American studies between 2007 and 2012. He is a recipient of The Paul & Daisy Soros Fellowships for New Americans.
The Ford Country Squire is a series of station wagons that was assembled by American automaker Ford. The premium station wagon of the Ford division, the Country Squire was distinguished by its external woodgrain trim. From the 1950 to 1991 model years, eight generations of the Country Squire were produced. Following the discontinuation of Edsel, Mercury marketed the Mercury Colony Park as a divisional counterpart of the Country Squire, sharing bodywork and trim.
Grange Park is a neighbourhood in downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is bounded on the west by Spadina Avenue, on the north by College Street, on the east by University Avenue and on the south by Queen Street West. It is within the 'Kensington-Chinatown' planning neighbourhood of the City of Toronto government. Its name is derived from the Grange Park public park. The commercial businesses of Chinatown extend within this neighbourhood.
The Centennial, formerly The 925 Building, and Huntington Building, originally the Union Trust Building, is a high-rise office building on Euclid Avenue in the Nine-Twelve District of downtown Cleveland, Ohio, USA. When the building was completed in 1924, it was the second largest building in the world in terms of floor space, with more than 30 acres of floor space. It also included the world's largest bank lobby, which today remains among the largest in the world. The lobby features enormous marble Corinthian columns, barrel vaulted ceilings, and colorful murals by Jules Guerin.
Lapping Memorial Park is a park located in the town of Clarksville, Indiana. The park is a 332-acre park that features play grounds, a Disc Golf course, softball fields, golf, tennis courts, basketball courts, volleyball space, horseshoe pits, amphitheater, lodge, shelter house, and three hiking trails immersed in a thick wooded scene.
The Dr. James Davies House in Boise, Idaho, is a 2-story, shingled Colonial Revival house designed by Tourtellotte & Co. and constructed in 1904. The first floor is veneered in composite brick which may not be original to the house. The shingled upper story has flared walls at its base and small shed roof decorations above side windows. Other prominent features include a gambrel roof that extends over a cross facade porch with stone pillars at its front corners. The right front portion of the roof at its curb is cut inward of the lateral ridgebeam to expose a small, second-floor balcony above a beveled side bay. A large, pedimented front gable includes an off center, mullioned spider web window.
Fausto Poli was a Roman Catholic prelate and Cardinal.
Merle Frohms is a German footballer. She is currently playing for Eintracht Frankfurt and the Germany national team.
Utikoomak Lake 155 is an Indian reserve of the Whitefish Lake First Nation in Alberta, located within Northern Sunrise County and Big Lakes County. It is 61 kilometers north of High Prairie. In the 2016 Canadian Census, it recorded a population of 723 living in 158 of its 193 total private dwellings.
St. Joseph Hill Academy High School is a private girls' school in the Arrochar neighborhood of Staten Island, New York. Located on a scenic 14-acre campus, the school serves approximately 500 young women in the 9th, 10th, 11th and 12th grades and is accompanied by a coeducational wing for students in pre-K through 8th grade. The school was founded and is operated by the Daughters of Divine Charity. A majority of the school population is Roman Catholic, although the school is independent of the Archdiocese of New York. St. Joseph Hill Academy is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools.
Zalalöv is a town in Zala County, Hungary.
Ada Fija is a Polish television actor and singer. She was unsuccessful in a bid to represent Poland in the Eurovision Song Contest in 2011. She did appear in the Polish version of Dancing with the Stars.
The Cider Museum is located in the Plaza del Príncipe de Asturias in Nava, Asturias, Spain. Opened in 1996 by Prince Philip, it is a themed museum that showcases Asturian national drink, cider. The museum is a member of the Ethnographic Museums Network of Asturias.
On the morning of 12 December 1988, a crowded passenger train crashed into the rear of another train that had stopped at a signal just south of Clapham Junction railway station in London, and subsequently sideswiped an empty train travelling in the opposite direction. A total of 35 people died in the collision, while 484 were injured.
John Riley Tanner was the 21st Governor of Illinois, from 1897 until 1901.
Daniel E. Gorenstein was an American mathematician. He earned his undergraduate and graduate degrees at Harvard University, where he earned his Ph.D. in 1950 under Oscar Zariski, introducing in his dissertation a duality principle for plane curves that motivated Grothendieck's introduction of Gorenstein rings. He was a major influence on the classification of finite simple groups.
Omar Khayyam was a British-born Thoroughbred racehorse who was sold as a yearling to an American racing partnership and who became the first foreign-bred horse to win the Kentucky Derby. He was named for the famous Persian mathematician, poet, and astronomer, Omar Khayyam.
Cicely Hey was a British artist known as a painter, sculptor and model-maker. Although born in England she spent much of her career in Wales.
Petr Starec is a Czech figure skating coach and former competitor. As a single skater, he became a two-time Czechoslovak national bronze medalist and competed at the 1969 European Championships in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, finishing 18th.
"Formic acid, systematically named methanoic acid, is the simplest carboxylic acid, and has the chemical formula HCOOH. It is an important intermediate in chemical synthesis and occurs naturally, most notably in some ants. The word ""formic"" comes from the Latin word for ant, formica, referring to its early isolation by the distillation of ant bodies. Esters, salts, and the anion derived from formic acid are called formates. Industrially, formic acid is produced from methanol."
Avreuil is a commune in the Aube department in the Grand Est region of north-central France.
"F.N. Burt Company Factory ""C"", also known as Bison Storage, is a historic box factory building in Buffalo, Erie County, New York. It was built in 1911. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2017.
Vegard Stake Laengen is a Norwegian professional road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam UAE Team Emirates.
The Adelaide Convention Centre is a large convention centre on North Terrace, Adelaide, South Australia. It was the first purpose-built convention centre to be built in Australia.
The Dallara P217 is a sport prototype built by Dallara Automobili to the 2017 FIA/ACO regulations for the Le Mans Prototype LMP2 class. The car also meets the regulations for the Le Mans Prototype 2 Class of the IMSA WeatherTech Sportscar Championship. It currently is active in the FIA World Endurance Championship, and the European Le Mans Series. The prototype made its debut at the 2017 4 Hours of Silverstone.
Debeljaa is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Kovaica municipality, in the South Banat District, Vojvodina province.
Mascotte is a city in Lake County, Florida, United States. The population was 5,101 at the 2010 census. As of 2018, the population recorded by the U.S. Census Bureau is 5,873. It is part of the Orlando–Kissimmee–Sanford Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Quixadá is a municipality in the state of Ceará, in Brazil.
Thornaby TMD was a railway Traction Maintenance Depot situated in Thornaby, England, latterly operated by DB Schenker. The depot was situated to the east of Thornaby, on the northern side of the line to Middlesbrough.
The Iron Rhine or Steel Rhine is a partially nonoperational freight railway connecting the port of Antwerp and Mönchengladbach by way of Neerpelt and the Dutch towns of Weert and Roermond.
"Rhinella diptycha, sometimes referred to as Cope's toad, Schneider's toad, cururu toad, or rococo toad, is a toad found in northern Argentina, Paraguay, Uruguay, eastern Bolivia, and eastern and southern Brazil. It is one of three rather similar species sometimes referred to as ""cururu toads"" in Brazil, the others being R. jimi and R. marina. Like those, R. diptycha is a large toad, females up to 25 cm in snout–to–vent length and males up to 18 cm.
The Pánuco River, also known as the Río de Canoas, is a river in Mexico fed by several tributaries including the Moctezuma River and emptying into the Gulf of Mexico. The river is approximately 510 kilometres long and passes through or borders the states of Mexico, Hidalgo, Querétaro, San Luis Potosí, Tamaulipas, and Veracruz. Since one of the headwaters of the Moctezuma River is the Tula River, the Pánuco ultimately drains the Valley of Mexico containing Mexico City.
Montgomery County is located in the southwestern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2010 census, the population was 535,153, making it the fifth-most populous county in Ohio. The county seat is Dayton. The county was named in honor of Richard Montgomery, an American Revolutionary War general killed in 1775 while attempting to capture Quebec City, Canada.
"Baseball is a bat-and-ball game played between two opposing teams who take turns batting and fielding. The game proceeds when a player on the fielding team, called the pitcher, throws a ball which a player on the batting team tries to hit with a bat. The objective of the offensive team is to hit the ball into the field of play, allowing its players to run the bases, having them advance counter-clockwise around four bases to score what are called ""runs"". The objective of the defensive team is to prevent batters from becoming runners, and to prevent runners' advance around the bases. A run is scored when a runner legally advances around the bases in order and touches home plate. The team that scores the most runs by the end of the game is the winner.
Austafjord is a small village in the municipality of Nærøysund in Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located on the island of Ytter-Vikna, approximately 30 kilometres west of the municipal center, Rørvik. Austafjord sits about half-way between the nearby villages of Garstad and Valøya. Austafjord has a population of about 30, as well as a shop, a school, and a day-care center. Austafjord is the western terminus of Norwegian County Road 770.
The Forgan Bridge is a road bridge over the Pioneer River in Mackay, Queensland, Australia.
Muktijoddha Sangsad a non-political welfare association of the combatants during the Bangladesh Liberation War formed on 13 February 1972. The organisation has a football club, Muktijoddha Sangsad KC, named after itself.
Nathan Earle is an Australian cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental team Team UKYO.
The Italian barbel is a species of freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae, nearly related to the common barbel Barbus barbus.
The Century is an apartment building located at Central Park West and 63rd Street in the Upper West Side of Manhattan, New York City. It was constructed in 1931 at a cost of $6.5 million and designed by the firm of Irwin S. Chanin. The Century is designed in the Art Deco style, unlike many of its neighbors, which are designed in the Beaux-Arts style.
Bouneschlupp is a traditional Luxemburgish green bean soup with potatoes, bacon, and onions.
Lavezares, officially the Municipality of Lavezares, is a 4th class municipality in the province of Northern Samar, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 28,770 people.
HSC Croazia Jet is a high speed craft owned and operated by Italian company SNAV. The ship was built in 1996 by Australian shipyard Austal; its length is 83 m and can achieve the speed of nearly 40 kn. The capacity of the vessel is 156 cars and 650 passengers. In the past, the ship was owned by several European shipping companies, including Scandlines, and served on Scandinavian as well as Mediterranean maritime routes between Spain and North Africa. From 2002 she is owned by SNAV and serves on the Adriatic route between Ancona and Split. In winter, the ship operates the routes in Tyrrhenian Sea. On February 9 2015, she started operating the route between Nueva Esparta and Anzoátegui states in Venezuela.
Minoru Yada is a Japanese actor, voice actor and singer from Tokyo, Japan.
The New York Court of Appeals is the highest court in the U.S. state of New York. The Court of Appeals consists of seven judges: the Chief Judge and six Associate Judges who are appointed by the Governor and confirmed by the State Senate to 14-year terms. The Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals also heads administration of the state's court system, and thus is also known as the Chief Judge of the State of New York.
Boiga beddomei, commonly known as Beddome's cat snake, is a species of rear-fanged snake in the family Colubridae. The species is endemic to the Western Ghats of India.
William H. Greene Stadium is a 7,086 seat multi-purpose stadium in Washington, D.C., in the United States, which opened in 1926. It is home to the Howard University Bison football and soccer teams. Originally called Howard Stadium, it was renamed William H. Greene Stadium in 1986 in honor of William H. Greene, M.D., a Washington, D.C., physician.
"The spiny dogfish, spurdog, mud shark, or piked dogfish is one of the best known species of the Squalidae family of sharks, which is part of the Squaliformes order. While these common names may apply to several species, Squalus acanthias is distinguished by having two spines and lacks an anal fin. It is found mostly in shallow waters and further offshore in most parts of the world, especially in temperate waters. Spiny dogfish in the northern Pacific Ocean have recently been reevaluated and found to constitute a separate species, now known as ""Pacific spiny dogfish"", Squalus suckleyi."
Kostomuksha is a town in the northwest of the Republic of Karelia, Russia, located 30 kilometers from the border with Finland, on the shore of Lake Kontoki. Population: 29,746; 30,432.
Newfound Harbor Key is a shallow coral reef located within the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary. It lies to the south of Big Pine Key, and north of Looe Key. This reef is within a Sanctuary Preservation Area.
Pennsauken Transit Center is a New Jersey Transit train station in Pennsauken Township, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. It serves as an intermodal transfer station between the light rail River Line and the commuter rail Atlantic City Line, as well as serving the Delair neighborhood for Pennsauken and the nearby industrial park. The station cost $39.747 million, of which $39.104 million was funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. After two years of construction, the Pennsauken Transit Center opened on October 14, 2013.
Triphenylphosphine dichloride, PhPCl, is a chlorinating agent widely used in organic chemistry. Applications include the conversion of alcohols and ethers to alkyl chlorides, the cleavage of epoxides to vicinal dichlorides and the chlorination of carboxylic acids to acyl chlorides.
Ines Geißler, commonly spelled Ines Geissler in English, is a former butterfly swimmer from East Germany, who won the gold medal in the 200 m butterfly at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, Soviet Union.
Southampton Cenotaph is a First World War memorial designed by Sir Edwin Lutyens and located in Watts Park in Southampton, southern England. The memorial was the first of dozens by Lutyens to be built in permanent form and it influenced his later designs, including The Cenotaph on Whitehall in London. It is a tapering, multi-tiered pylon which culminates in a series of diminishing layers before terminating in a sarcophagus which features a recumbent figure of a soldier. In front is an altar-like Stone of Remembrance. The cenotaph contains multiple sculptural details including a prominent cross, the town's coat of arms, and two lions. The names of the dead are inscribed on three sides. Although similar in outline, Lutyens' later cenotaphs were much more austere and featured almost no sculpture. The design uses abstract, ecumenical features and lifts the recumbent soldier high above eye level, anonymising him.
Coolamber Hall-House is an Anglo-Norman ruin in County Longford, Ireland that is dated to the early 13th century. Possibly the residence of Thomas Nugent, 4th Earl of Westmeath, one of the commissioners for Plantation of Longford in 1620. Described by Samuel Lewis as ‘the ruins of an old castle, which was besieged by Oliver Cromwell, it formed the boundary of the English Pale’. Hall-houses of this type consist of two-storey buildings with the entrance doorway on the first floor. The entrance was accessed via an external staircase of wood or stone. The main feature of the building was the large first floor hall which was open up to the roof. The ground floor was accessed via a trapdoor or internal staircase and was probably used as a storage area. Many hall-houses like that at Coolamber have been rebuilt or altered considerably.
United Nations Security Council resolution 898, adopted unanimously on 23 February 1994, after reaffirming Resolution 782 and all subsequent resolutions on Mozambique, the Council discussed the implementation of the Rome General Peace Accords and established a 1,144 strong police component of the United Nations Operation in Mozambique.
Springfield Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in St. Helier, Jersey, set in a public park.
The 670th Radar Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the 26th Air Division, Aerospace Defense Command, operating San Pedro Hill Air Force Station radars while posted at Fort MacArthur, California. It was inactivated on 1 April 1976.
Lado Kralj is a Slovene writer, theatre critic and literary historian. From 1987 to 2005 he worked as a professor in comparative literature at the University of Ljubljana and has published and contributed to numerous books on literature and theatre.
Covington is a village in Miami County, Ohio, United States. The population was 2,584 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area. The village was incorporated as Covington in 1835 on the site of the 1793 Fort Rowdy.
Krailling is a municipality in the district of Starnberg in Bavaria, Germany.
Sude Mihri Çnar is a Turkish women's football goalkeeper currently playing in the Turkish Women's First Football League for Ataehir Belediyespor in Istanbul with jersey number 1. She was a member of the Turkey women's U-19 national team.
Prespes is a municipality in the Florina regional unit, Greece. Its population in 2011 was 7,380. The seat of the municipality is in Laimos. It was named after Lake Prespa, in the western part of the municipality.
Davis Township is one of nine townships in Starke County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,043 and it contained 439 housing units.
Roger Scott Nichols was an American recording engineer, producer and inventor.
Ouerre is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.
The N-Gage was a smartphone combining features of a mobile phone and a handheld game system developed by Nokia, announced on 4 November 2002 and released on 7 October 2003. It ran the original Series 60 platform on Symbian OS v6.1.
New York State Fair is an intercity rail station serving the New York State Fairground in Syracuse, New York. It is served by Amtrak Empire Service and Maple Leaf trains while the fair is in operation. The station is located in the southwest corner of the fairgrounds, with a shuttle service to the central area. It consists of an unsheltered low island platform between two of the four tracks of the former New York Central Railroad Water Level Route, with a sheltered waiting area nearby. A mobile lift provides handicapped access.
Polysiphonia lanosa is a common species of the red algae often to be found growing on Ascophyllum nodosum.
Lasagne are a type of wide, flat pasta, possibly one of the oldest types of pasta.
The NSU Art Museum Fort Lauderdale is an art museum in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Originating in 1958 as the Fort Lauderdale Art Center, the museum is located in a 75,000-square-foot modernist building designed by Edward Larrabee Barnes. The current building was constructed in 1986, with a 10,000-square-foot wing added in 2001. The main exhibition area comprises 21,000 square feet; a sculpture terrace on the second floor adds an additional 2,800 square feet of space. The museum, unlike major museums in nearby Miami, Florida and Palm Beach, Florida, emphasizes contemporary projects.
Mohammed Namadi Sambo GCON is a Nigerian politician who was Vice President of Nigeria from 19 May 2010 to 29 May 2015. He previously served a Governor of Kaduna State from 2007 to 2010.
João Joaquim Marques da Silva Oliveira 23 August 1853 - 9 October 1927) was a Portuguese painter in the Naturalist style.
Krasnovishersk is a town and the administrative center of Krasnovishersky District in Perm Krai, Russia, located on the western slopes of the Northern Urals, 315 kilometers north of Perm, the administrative center of the krai. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 16,099.
The Bezirk Frankfurt, also Bezirk Frankfurt, was a district of East Germany. The administrative seat and the main town was Frankfurt.
Jacobaea gibbosa is a species of the genus Jacobaea and the family Asteraceae.
Rubislaw Church is a Church of Scotland parish church in the Queen's Cross area of Aberdeen, Scotland. It has a recently refurbished church centre on Fountainhall Road.
"The Toyota Camry is an automobile sold internationally by the Japanese manufacturer Toyota since 1982, spanning multiple generations. Originally compact in size, later Camry models have grown to fit the mid-size classification —although the two sizes co-existed in the 1990s. Since the release of the wide-bodied versions, Camry has been extolled by Toyota as the firm's second ""world car"" after the Corolla. In Japan, Camry was once exclusive to Toyota Corolla Store retail dealerships. Narrow-body cars also spawned a rebadged sibling in Japan, the Toyota Vista —also introduced in 1982 and sold at Toyota Vista Store locations. Diesel fuel versions have previously retailed at Toyota Diesel Store.
Elk Mountain is a town in Carbon County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 191 at the 2010 census. The town shares its name with a mountain 7 miles southwest of town.
Frédéric Soulacroix was a French-Italian painter.
James Williamson is a New Zealand professional road cyclist who currently rides for New Zealand Cycling Project.
Serei Saophoan is a district in the centre of Banteay Meanchey Province, in north-western Cambodia. Serei Saophoan is the urban district of Banteay Meanchey province and the district capital is also the provincial capital Sisophon town. The town is located 359 kilometres north of Phnom Penh and 48 kilometres from the border with Thailand at Poipet. Serei Saophoan District is the central district of Banteay Meanchey and is surrounded by other Banteay Meanchey districts. Cambodia's main railway line from Phnom Penh to Poipet enters the district from the south and exits to the west.
Célestin Lavigueur was a French Canadian musician and composer.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Iai is a Latin Rite suffragan of the Metropolitan Bucharest Archdiocese, in Romanian Moldavia.
Chrysocolaptes is a genus of birds in the woodpecker family Picidae that are found in South and Southeast Asia.
Out Rawcliffe is a village and civil parish on the north bank of the River Wyre in the Over Wyre area of the Fylde in Lancashire, England. The population of the civil parish taken at the 2011 census was 626.
Alcatraz Island is located in San Francisco Bay, 1.25 miles offshore from San Francisco, California, United States. The small island was developed with facilities for a lighthouse, a military fortification, a military prison, and a federal prison from 1934 until 21 March 1963. The water currents around the island were high at all times, which presumably decreased the chance of an inmate escaping. Beginning in November 1969, the island was occupied for more than 19 months by a group of Native Americans from San Francisco, who were part of a wave of Native American activism across the U.S., with public protests through the 1970s. In 1972, Alcatraz became part of Golden Gate National Recreation Area and received designation as a National Historic Landmark in 1986.
The Queen Elizabeth II Coronation Medal is a commemorative medal instituted to celebrate the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II on 2 June 1953.
"The Preatures are an Australian band from Sydney. The band was formed in 2010 and features Isabella 'Izzi' Manfredi on vocals/keyboards, Jack Moffitt, Thomas Champion and Luke Davison. Gideon Bensen was a member of the band until 2016. In 2013, the band won the Vanda & Young Songwriting Competition with their song ""Is This How You Feel?""."
The Principe–Granarolo rack railway is a rack railway in the Italian city of Genoa that connects via del Lagaccio, near the Genoa Piazza Principe railway station, to the Granarolo hills. The line is sometimes erroneously described as a funicular and listed alongside the city's Zecca–Righi funicular, the Sant'Anna funicular and the Quezzi funicular. The line is managed by AMT Genova, which manages the city's public transport.
The Albanian School of Magistrates, officially known as the School of Magistrates of the Republic of Albania is an Albanian post-graduate school, where Albanian judges and public prosecutors are trained. The institution was established in 1997 by virtue of Law no. 8136, date 31.7.1996 “On the School of Magistrates of the Republic of Albania”, as amended by Law no. 9414, date 20.05.2005 and Law no. 97/2014. It is located in Tirana, with its campus located inside the Tirana Grand Park, sharing premises with the Faculty of Geology and Mining of the Polytechnic University of Tirana.
Valea Lung is a commune located in Alba County, Transylvania, Romania. Is composed of six villages: Fget, Glogove, Lodroman, Lunca, Tuni and Valea Lung.
Ždírec is a village and municipality in Plze-South District in the Plze Region of the Czech Republic.
Mentougou District is a district in western Beijing. Spanning 1,321 square kilometres, with 266,591 inhabitants, it is subdivided into 4 subdistricts of the city proper of Beijing and 9 towns. It borders the Beijing districts of Changping to the northeast, Haidian and Shijingshan to the east, Fengtai to the southeast, and Fangshan to the south, as well as Hebei province to the west and northwest.
Sharjah Indian School is a senior secondary school owned and managed by Indian Association Sharjah located in the United Arab Emirates. It currently has a strength of around 10000 students and 600 teachers.
Barbara Kisseler was a German politician. She served as culture senator in the Senate of Hamburg.
The Wight Shipyard is a shipbuilding company and shipyard based in East Cowes on the Isle of Wight in the UK, with their facilities occupying and including the historic Saunders-Roe flying boat hangar. The company was originally known as Shemara Refit LLP, and was formed to undertake the refit of the historic MY Shemara. They now specialise in the construction and refit of high speed craft and aluminium ships.
Sir Martin John Evans is a British geneticist.
Wickham is a municipality located in the Centre-du-Québec region of Quebec. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 2,470.
Brzezinki, until 1951 is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies 4 kilometres south-east of Zbiczno, 7 km north of Brodnica, and 62 km north-east of Toru.
Macrostelini is a tribe in the Deltocephalinae subfamily of leafhoppers.
Santa Teresa is an unincorporated community in Doña Ana County, New Mexico, United States. It is home to the Santa Teresa Port of Entry and is part of the Las Cruces Metropolitan Statistical Area, although geographically it is considerably closer to El Paso, Texas than to Las Cruces. For statistical purposes, the United States Census Bureau has defined Santa Teresa as a census-designated place. The census definition of the area may not precisely correspond to local understanding of the area with the same name. The population was 4,258 at the 2010 census.
Francis Xavier, venerated as Saint Francis Xavier, was a Navarrese Catholic priest, missionary and saint who was the co-founder of the Society of Jesus.
Nu Afrika Records, LLC is a Ghanaian entertainment company established by rapper/record producer Ball J. The company is located at Spintex road, Accra-Ghana. It is a full service entertainment company housing a record label and a video production company called MO Films. The company has worked with almost all the top music and movie stars in Ghana and across Africa such as Guru, Kwaw Kese, Sarkodie, Patoranking, Castro, Stonebwoy, Stay J, EL, Joey B, Nhyiraba Kojo, R2Bees, Obour, Yaa Pono, Praye, King Ayisoba, Rocky Dawuni, Ben Brako, Kojo Antwi, Hammer, Reggie Rockstone, Eddie Watson, Ingride Alabi, Ivan Quashigah etc.
Le Thou is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France. The Atlantic Ocean is situated about 10 km to the west.
James Marshall Hawkins was an American professional basketball player. Hawkins was selected in the 1948 BAA Draft by the Boston Celtics. He played for the Indianapolis Olympians in 1949–50, but prior to that he spent one season playing for the Oshkosh All-Stars in the National Basketball League.
Theodore John Nolan is a Canadian former professional hockey left winger, former head coach of the Buffalo Sabres and Latvia men's national ice hockey team. From July 2017 until May 2018 he was head coach of the Poland men's national ice hockey team. He played three seasons in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings and the Pittsburgh Penguins. He also coached the New York Islanders, after serving as assistant coach for one season with the Hartford Whalers. On November 13, 2013, the Buffalo Sabres re-hired Nolan as interim head coach; he remained in the position until April 12, 2015. Ted Nolan's success in hockey didn't come easily to him. He had fought through poverty growing up on the Garden River reserve, in a small house that had no running hot water or electricity. He loved hockey as a kid so much that he would build fires around the well to free up the frozen pump, then he would carry the pail of water to his little rink.
Lewis Lamont Brinson is an American professional baseball outfielder for the Miami Marlins of Major League Baseball. He previously played for the Milwaukee Brewers.
"The Cherry County Courthouse, at 4th and Main Sts. in Valentine, Nebraska, is a Romanesque-style historic building that was built in 1901. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. In its NRHP nomination, the courthouse was deemed ""historically significant for its association with politics and local government"", and serving as a good example of a county government building in Nebraska.
Henry Constable was an English poet, known particularly for Diana, one of the first English sonnet sequences. In 1591 he converted to Catholicism, and lived in exile on the continent for some years. He returned to England at the accession of King James, but was soon a prisoner in the Tower and in the Fleet. He died an exile at Liège in 1613.
Bonneville Speedway is an area of the Bonneville Salt Flats northeast of Wendover, Utah, that is marked out for motor sports. It is particularly noted as the venue for numerous land speed records. The Bonneville Salt Flats Race Track is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"Terrence ""Terry"" Funk is an American semi-retired professional wrestler and former actor.
Hesha Station is a station on Line 6 of the Guangzhou Metro. It is located under Yuxian Road on the island of Datansha in the Liwan District of Guangzhou. It started operation on 28 December 2013.
Nan'ao or Nanao, formerly romanized Namoa, is an island and county of the prefecture-level city of Shantou in Guangdong Province, China.
Villaurbana is a comune in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 80 kilometres northwest of Cagliari and about 15 kilometres east of Oristano.
Carmen Delgado Votaw was a civil rights pioneer, a public servant, an author, and community leader. She studied at the University of Puerto Rico and graduated from American University in Washington, D.C., with a bachelor of arts in international studies. She was subsequently awarded an honorary doctorate in humanities by Hood College in Frederick, Maryland.
"TOI, pronounced ""toy"" and sometimes mistakenly referred to by the name of its website ""TOI Kingdom"", is a Filipino indie musical group whose musical range includes folk rock, blues, jazz, and electronic music, often in some experimental combination. Conceived in 2007 by Mei Tayengco, Pat Tirano and Pauline Diaz, the group was named TOI in acknowledgement of Tayengco’s vision of the group as “a plaything created by three minds.” Tirano and Diaz form the musical core of the band, with numerous other musicians contributing to the band's sound over the years, while Tayengco serves as the band's artistic manager of sorts."
"The Renault R31 was a Formula One racing car designed by Lotus Renault GP for the 2011 Formula One season. The chassis was designed by James Allison, Naoki Tokunaga, Tim Densham and Dirk de Beer with Rob White leading the engine design. The car's distinctive black and gold livery was designed as a tribute to the Team Lotus cars of the 1980s and the famous John Player Special liveries. Speculation suggested that as the design is reminiscent of a cigarette package, the team would be in violation of strict anti-tobacco laws in Canada and would be unable to use it at the 2011 Canadian Grand Prix. However, senior team personnel dismissed the claims, stating that ""another famous team"" was racing with colours similar to those of another tobacco brand and had done so in Canada without trouble in previous years. Ultimately, the car raced in Canada with no changes to its livery."
"Peter ""Petey"" Williams III is a Canadian professional wrestler. He is best known for his time working with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. During his time there, he was the captain of Team Canada and was a two time TNA X Division Champion. Williams is known by the nickname ""The Canadian Destroyer"" because of his front flip piledriver finishing move of the same name.
Olaug Nilssen is a Norwegian novelist, playwright, children's writer, essayist and magazine editor. She was born in Førde. Among her early novels are Innestengt i udyr from 1998 and Vi har så korte armar from 2002. Her novel Få meg på, for faen from 2005 was adapted for theatre, and was also basis for the 2011 film Turn Me On, Dammit!, directed by Jannicke Systad Jacobsen. The film received the Screenplay award at the 2011 Tribeca Film Festival. Among her plays are Skyfri himmel, which was staged at Rogaland Teater in 2006, and Stort og stygt from 2013.
1 gauge, gauge 1 or gauge one is a model railway and toy train standard that was popular in the early 20th century, particularly with European manufacturers. Its track measures 1.75 in, making it larger than 0 gauge but slightly smaller than wide gauge, which came to be the dominant U.S. standard during the 1920s.
Gyrodactylus leptorhynchi is a small monogenean obligate ectoparasite which parasitizes freshwater Bay Pipefish. Gyrodactylus leptorhynchi is the seventh Gyrodactylus species known to infect Bay Pipefish and the first characterized along the Pacific coast of North America. The parasite can get into captive fish environments, such as fish farms and aquariums, where it may spread in as little as 10 days. Gyrodactylus species are known to centralize on the brood pouch in male fish, this may allow. for transmission to newly hatched young. However, in Gyrodactylus leptorhynchi the parasite was found mostly found attached to body surfaces such as the dorsal fins.
Connie Inge-Lise Nielsen is a Danish actress whose first major role in an English language film was a supporting role in The Devil's Advocate. Her films include “Soldier” with Kurt Russell, Gladiator, Mission to Mars, One Hour Photo, Basic, The Hunted, The Ice Harvest, and Nymphomaniac. She starred as Meredith Kane on the Starz TV series Boss and was a lead character in the second season of The Following. Connie starred in “3 Days to Kill” with Kevin Costner. She has joined the DC Extended Universe, appearing as Hippolyta in its films Wonder Woman, Justice League and Wonder Woman 1984.
Princeton Kwong is an American figure skater who represented the United States as a single skater. He is the 2004 U.S. novice national gold medalist, and has won two bronze medals in the 2004–2005 ISU Junior Grand Prix, held in Long Beach, USA and Chemnitz, Germany respectively.
The Makassar class is a class of South Korean-designed and built Landing Platform Dock. The ships were designed by Daesun Shipbuilding & Engineering Co. based on their earlier design of Tanjung Dalpele class that was sold to the Indonesian Navy.
The Old State Bank, also known as the Second State Bank, Vincennes Branch, is a historic bank building located at Vincennes, Knox County, Indiana. It was built in 1838, and is a 2 1/2-story, Greek Revival style brick building. The building measures 36 feet wide and 48 feet deep. The projecting temple form front facade features four two-story, Doric order columns. The building is topped by a dome with cupola and windows that provide light to the main banking room. The building was restored in 1965.
Memphis Belle is a Boeing B-17F Flying Fortress used during the Second World War that inspired the making of two motion pictures: a 1944 documentary film, Memphis Belle: A Story of a Flying Fortress, and a 1990 Hollywood feature film, Memphis Belle. The aircraft was one of the first United States Army Air Forces B-17 heavy bombers to complete 25 combat missions. The aircraft and crew then returned to the United States to sell war bonds. In 2005, restoration began on the aircraft at the National Museum of the United States Air Force at Wright-Patterson AFB in Dayton, Ohio where, from May 2018, it is on display.
Teri Fahrendorf is an American brewer and founder of the Pink Boots Society, an organization that supports women in the brewing industry. She is notable for being one of the first women in the craft brewing industry and her brews have been widely awarded from organizations such as Great American Beer Festival and the Brewer's Association.
Bochil is a city and one of the 122 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico. It covers an area of 372.7 km². Bochil serves as the head town for the Second Federal Electoral District of Chiapas.
Terdobbiate is a comune in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 90 kilometres northeast of Turin and about 10 kilometres southeast of Novara.
"Umeda is a major commercial, business, shopping and entertainment district in Kita-ku, Osaka, Japan, and the city's main northern railway terminus. The district's name means ""plum field""."
Chýnice is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Sonor is a German musical instrument manufacturing company headquartered in Berlin. Having established 1875, it is one of the oldest percussion companies in the world. Sonor currently manufactures drum kits and hardware.
Hakea costata, commonly known as the ribbed hakea, is a shrub in the family Proteaceae native to Western Australia. A multi-stemmed small shrub producing attractive pink or white brush-like blooms rich in nectar from July to October.
Apollo Milton Obote was a Ugandan political leader who led Uganda to independence in 1962 from British colonial administration. Following the nation's independence, he served as Prime Minister of Uganda from 1962 to 1966 and President of Uganda from 1966 to 1971, then again from 1980 to 1985. He was overthrown by Idi Amin in 1971, but regained power in 1980 a year after Amin's 1979 overthrow. His second period of rule was marred by repression and the deaths of many civilians as a result of a civil war known as the Ugandan Bush War.
The Chickasawba Mound, designated by the Smithsonian trinomial 3M55, is an archaeological site in Blytheville, Arkansas. It encompasses the remains of a modest Nodena Phase town, with a ceremonial mound and evidence of occupation during the 16th century. The site is one of the best-preserved Nodena sites in the region. The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The site derives its name from Chickasawba, a chief of the Shawnee tribe, said to have been buried at the foot of the mound.
Yubbe is a town in the northern Sanaag region of Somaliland. It's located 50 KM away from the regional capital Erigavo.
Carl Friedrich Wilhelm, Prince of Leiningen was a German nobleman.
Arhaan Behll is an Indian television actor best known for portraying Krishna in Mann Kee Awaaz Pratigya, Raghu Seharia in Do Dil Bandhe Ek Dori Se and Viraj in Vish Ya Amrit: Sitara.
The Renoir Towers are two residential towers currently under development in the Puerto Madero neighborhood of Buenos Aires, Argentina.
"The American Tract Society is a nonprofit, nonsectarian but evangelical organization founded on May 11, 1825, in New York City for the purpose of publishing and disseminating tracts of Christian literature. ATS traces its lineage back through the New York Tract Society and the New England Tract Society to the Religious Tract Society of London, begun in 1799. Over the years, ATS has produced and distributed many millions of pieces of literature. There is a printed pamphlet titled ""Constitution of the American Tract Society, instituted in Boston 1814"" referencing the distribution of 'Religious Tracts' by Christians in Europe and America during the previous twenty years. The purpose of which was to combine the energy & activities of various groups & individuals across New England.
The Southwest Side Historic District is a neighborhood in Stoughton, Wisconsin with over 100 contributing properties in various styles built as early as 1856. It was added to the State and the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
Dusk to Dawn is a 1922 American silent drama film directed by King Vidor. It is unknown whether any recording of the film survives; it may be a lost film.
Marott Hotel is a historic residential hotel building located at Indianapolis, Indiana. It was built in 1926, and consists of two 11-story, reinforced concrete structures faced in red brick with ornamental terra cotta and glazed tile trim in the Georgian Revival style. The two towers are connected by a one-story structure that contained the lobby, event halls, gym, and indoor pool.
Giorgos Giakoumakis is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a striker for Eredivisie club VVV-Venlo.
The Lenox Library was a library incorporated and endowed in 1870. It was both an architectural and intellectual landmark in Gilded Age-era New York City. It was founded by bibliophile and philanthropist James Lenox, and located on Fifth Avenue between 70th and 71st Streets on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. Renowned architect Richard Morris Hunt designed the building, which was considered one of the city's most notable buildings, until its destruction in 1912.
Oran is a city in Scott County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,294 at the 2010 census.
Umeå Airport is an airport located on the southern outskirts of the city of Umeå, Sweden. As of 2019, it is the seventh-largest airport in Sweden. It had 960,351 passengers in 2019.
Radovanu is a commune in Clrai County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Radovanu and Valea Popii.
The Infantry Assault Badge was a German war badge awarded to Waffen-SS and Wehrmacht Heer soldiers during the Second World War. This decoration was instituted on 20 December 1939 by the Commander-in-Chief of the German Army, Generalfeldmarschall Walther von Brauchitsch. It could be awarded to members of non-motorized Infantry units and units of the Gebirgsjäger that had participated in infantry assaults, with light infantry weapons, on at least three separate days of battle in the front line on or after 1 January 1940. When a counter offensive led to fighting, it could also apply. Award of the Infantry Assault Badge was authorized at regimental command level.
Green Township is one of the ten townships of Fayette County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census the population was 532.
The Supreme Soviet of the Tajik SSR was the supreme soviet of the Tajik SSR, one of the republics comprising the Soviet Union. The Soviet had very little power and carried out orders given by the Communist Party of Tajikistan.
An American in Paris is a 1951 American musical comedy film inspired by the 1928 orchestral composition An American in Paris by George Gershwin. Starring Gene Kelly, Leslie Caron, Oscar Levant, Georges Guétary, and Nina Foch, the film is set in Paris, and was directed by Vincente Minnelli from a script by Alan Jay Lerner. The music is by George Gershwin, with lyrics by his brother Ira, with additional music by Saul Chaplin, the music director.
The Bomb Factory Art Foundation is an artist-led foundation with exhibition space for contemporary art, based in Archway, Islington, London, England.
Sargon II was the king of the Neo-Assyrian Empire from the downfall of his predecessor Shalmaneser V in 722 BC to his death in battle in 705 BC. Though Sargon claimed to be the son of the previous king Tiglath-Pileser III, this is uncertain and he probably gained the throne through usurping it from Shalmaneser V. Sargon is recognized as one of the most important Neo-Assyrian kings due to his role in founding the Sargonid dynasty, which would rule the Neo-Assyrian Empire until its fall less than a century after Sargon's death.
Novo Airão is a municipality located in the state of Amazonas in northern Brazil on the Rio Negro River about 180 km upstream of Manaus. Its population was 15,915 and its area is 37,771 km². The town is reachable both by river and road.
Alfred Hörtnagl is a retired Austrian football player.
"Billy Claiborne, was an American outlaw Cowboy, drover, miner, and gunfighter in the American Old West. He killed James Hickey in a confrontation in a saloon, but it was ruled self-defense. He was present at the beginning of the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral, but was unarmed and ran from the shootout. Only a year later, while drunk, he confronted gunfighter ""Buckskin"" Frank Leslie and was killed."
Nyanga High School, Marist Brothers also shortly known as 'Marist Nyanga', is a Catholic, independent, boarding, high school located in the Nyanga District of Zimbabwe’s Manicaland, 32 kilometres from Nyanga town. Marist Nyanga has a student population of about 550 pupils.
Léo Schwechlen is a French professional footballer defender who last played for Turkish club Göztepe.
Acrylonitrile is an organic compound with the formula CHCHCN. It is a colorless volatile liquid although commercial samples can be yellow due to impurities. It has a pungent odor of garlic or onions. In terms of its molecular structure, it consists of a vinyl group linked to a nitrile. It is an important monomer for the manufacture of useful plastics such as polyacrylonitrile. It is reactive and toxic at low doses. Acrylonitrile was first synthesized by the French chemist Charles Moureu in 1893.
A snap national general election was held in Italy on 21 April 1996 to elect members of the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate of the Republic. Romano Prodi, leader of the centre-left coalition The Olive Tree, won the election, narrowly defeating Silvio Berlusconi, who led the Pole for Freedoms centre-right coalition.
The Mexico Pavilion is a Mexican-themed pavilion that is part of the World Showcase, within Epcot at the Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida, United States. Its location is next to the Norwegian pavilion.
Anisha Vekemans is a Belgian former professional racing cyclist, who rode professionally between 2010 and 2019 for the Topsport Vlaanderen–Bioracer, Lotto–Soudal Ladies, Alé–Cipollini and Doltcini–Van Eyck teams. She competed in the women's road race at the 2015 UCI Road World Championships.
The Mohammed VI Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art, abbreviated MMVI, is a contemporary and modern art museum in Rabat, Morocco which opened in 2014. It is one of fourteen museums of the National Foundation of Museums of Morocco. The museum curates modern and contemporary Moroccan and international art. The MMVI is the first large scale museum built in Morocco since independence from France in 1956. It was the first Moroccan public museum to meet International Museography Standards. The museum houses the works of 200 Moroccan artists, including Hassan Hajjaj and Ahmed Yacoubi.
The Adelaide Hospital was a general and teaching hospital in Peter Street, Dublin, Ireland. It was absorbed into the Tallaght Hospital in June 1998.
Taba is a city in Egypt. It is next to the border of Israel on the Gulf of Aqaba. It is next to the Israeli town of Eilat. There is a road border crossing here into Israel. It is Egypt's busiest. It is the furthest north resort of the Red Sea Riviera.
Tomislav Mareti was a Croatian linguist and lexicographer.
Leccinum cyaneobasileucum is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae. Originally found growing under silver birch, it was described as new to science in 1991. The fungus produces fruit bodies with caps measuring 5–15 cm wide that range in colour from hazel, to reddish-yellow, to walnut brown. The white to grey stipe measures 7–20 cm long by 0.8–2 cm thick and is covered with brownish scales. In deposit the spores are walnut brown; microscopically, they are somewhat spindle shaped and measure 14–18 by 5–6 µm. L. cyaneobasileucum grows under birch, usually in moss. The mushroom is edible but not particularly tasty.
Zaporizhia Arch Bridge is the longest arch bridge in Ukraine. The bridge connects the west-bank part of Zaporizhia with the north side of Khortytsia island by spaning the smaller eastern branch of Dnieper.
"On 21 July 2017, a Boeing 737-800, operating as Thomson Airways Flight 1526 from Belfast International Airport and bound for Corfu, Greece with 185 people aboard, suffered a ""serious incident"" during takeoff, colliding with a runway approach light during departure. The incident was investigated by the Air Accidents Investigation Branch and determined to be the result of an incorrect temperature input into the aircraft's flight computer resulting in underperformance at take-off. The area beyond the runway and the terrain beyond were largely unobstructed, and the aircraft eventually climbed away undamaged. The remainder of the flight to Corfu was uneventful. The ""serious incident"" at take-off was realized and reported when airport staff subsequently observed minor ground damage. The investigation report concluded that the crew could not reasonably have been expected to recognize the anomalously low speed sooner or intervene more effectively."
The Catholic youth sports associations of French Algeria first appeared in major cities in northern Algeria at the beginning of the 20th century and were mainly reserved for young European people. By the start of the First World War some of the associations had joined the Fédération internationale catholique d'éducation physique et sportive, with women's organizations rapidly following suit and joining the Rayon sportif féminin – a French catholic sporting organisation for women. In contrast to the situation in the North, the spread of sports through the southern regions of Algeria, under the auspices of the White Fathers, predominantly involved the indigenous populations.
Sportpark Oberwerth is a sports complex in Koblenz, Germany. It consists of Stadion Oberwerth and Conlog Arena.
Skorzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzyna, within Kocierzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres north of Kocierzyna and 49 km south-west of the regional capital Gdask. It is located within the ethnocultural region of Kashubia in the historic region of Pomerania.
Pablo Renan dos Santos, known simply as Pablo, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Hatayspor on loan from Braga.
Bobby Leon Scales is an American former professional baseball second baseman. A switch hitter who throws right-handed, Scales played for the University of Michigan and was selected by the San Diego Padres in the 14th round of the 1999 Major League Baseball Draft on June 11, 1999. While at Michigan, he played for the Corvallis Knights in the West Coast League, an independent summer collegiate league. He played in Major League Baseball for the Chicago Cubs and in Nippon Professional Baseball for the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters and the Orix Buffaloes.
Winchester Palace was a 12th-century palace which served as the London townhouse of the Bishops of Winchester. It was located in the parish of Southwark in Surrey, on the south bank of the River Thames on what is now Clink Street in the London Borough of Southwark, near St Saviour's Church which later became Southwark Cathedral. Grade II listed remains of the demolished palace survive on the site today, designated a Scheduled Ancient Monument, under the care of English Heritage.
Quartier Concordia is a neighbourhood redevelopment project centred on Concordia University's Sir George Williams campus in downtown Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Bordered by Sherbrooke Street, Saint-Mathieu Street, René Lévesque Boulevard and Bishop Street, the district is designed to be a green urban campus that will improve the use and quality of public places and spaces, student life on campus and transportation.
John Calvin Mason was a U.S. Representative from Kentucky.
Laura Plantation is a restored historic Louisiana Creole plantation on the west bank of the Mississippi River near Vacherie, Louisiana, open for guided tours. Formerly known as Duparc Plantation, it is significant for its early 19th-century Créole-style raised big house and several surviving outbuildings, including two slave cabins. It is one of only 15 plantation complexes in Louisiana with this many complete structures. Because of its historical importance, the plantation is on the National Register of Historic Places. The site, in St. James Parish, Louisiana, is also included on the Louisiana African American Heritage Trail.
The Eastern Magisterial District is one of three magisterial districts in Jackson County, West Virginia. It was established during a process of redistricting undertaken in the 1990s. In 2010, 9,882 people lived in the district.
Rakovski is a town in southern Bulgaria, in the historical region of Thrace. It is located in the Plovdiv Province. The town is also the centre of the Rakovski Municipality. Rakovski was founded in 1966 with the merging of three villages — General Nikolaevo, Sekirovo and Parchevich. The new town was named after the prominent Bulgarian revolutionary Georgi Sava Rakovski.
Julio Cesar Rangel is a Panamanian professional baseball coach. He is the pitching coach of the Texas Rangers of Major League Baseball.
Line 5 is a southern rapid transit line of the Shanghai Metro network. It was opened on November 25, 2003 and despite its name was the fourth line to open. Alongside Line 6 it is often erroneously referred to as a 'light rail' line. The line connects the southernmost station of Line 1, Xinzhuang with the Minhang Development Zone in Minhang and Fengxian Xincheng in Fengxian, both in the suburbs of Shanghai. The line is colored violet on system maps.
The 2011 Super Outbreak was the largest, costliest, and one of the deadliest tornado outbreaks ever recorded, taking place along the Southern, Midwestern, and Northeastern United States and leaving catastrophic destruction in its wake. The event not only affected Alabama and Mississippi the most severely, but also produced destructive tornadoes in Arkansas, Georgia, Tennessee and Virginia, and affected many other areas throughout the Southern and Eastern United States. In total, 360 tornadoes were confirmed by NOAA's National Weather Service and Government of Canada's Environment Canada in 21 states from Texas to New York to southern Canada. Widespread and destructive tornadoes occurred on each day of the outbreak, with April 27 being the most active day with a record of 216 tornadoes touching down that day from midnight to midnight CDT. Four of the tornadoes were destructive enough to be rated EF5, which is the highest ranking possible on the Enhanced Fujita scale; typically these tornadoes are only recorded about once each year or less.
Hilda is a town in Barnwell County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 447 at the 2010 census.
Aristic Cioab is a Romanian football manager and a former footballer who is the current manager of Sohar SC of Oman Professional League.
Nova Štifta is a settlement in the Upper Dreta Valley in the Municipality of Gornji Grad in Slovenia. It is made up of three hamlets: Šmiklavž, Tirosek, and Zgornji Dol. Traditionally the area belonged to the Styria region and is now included in the Savinja Statistical Region.
Gustavo Leonardo Bou is an Argentinian professional footballer who plays as a forward for the New England Revolution in Major League Soccer.
Jack David Brizendine was an American horseman and professional trainer of American Quarter Horses, most notable for having earned 7 world champion titles in 3 different breed associations, and also for having trained or sold 22 world champions. A member of the American Quarter Horse Association, Brizendine began his horse show career competing in stock horse competitions and arena performance events including working cow horse, reining, western riding and western pleasure. He trained horses on his ranch in Lincoln, California.
Lake Minchumina is a census-designated place in Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area, Alaska, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population of the CDP is 13, down from 32 in 2000.
Litteau is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France. The 19th-century poet Hippolyte Guérin was born in Litteau.
The 69th Street Transportation Center is a SEPTA terminal in the Terminal Square section of Upper Darby, Pennsylvania, serving the Market–Frankford Line, Norristown High Speed Line, and the Media–Sharon Hill Line trolleys, and multiple bus routes. It is located in the at the end of 69th Street, a major retail corridor in the borough, across Market Street from the Tower Theater. Until 2011, the station was primarily known as 69th Street Terminal.
The Rowland Institute for Science was founded by Edwin H. Land, founder of Polaroid Corporation, as a nonprofit, privately endowed basic research organization in 1980. It is named for the first head of the American Physical Society, Henry Augustus Rowland. The Rowland is dedicated to experimental science across a wide range of disciplines. Research subjects at the institute includes chemistry, physics and biology, and focus on interdisciplinary work and the development of new experimental tools.
Kamila Vokoun Hájková is a Czech former competitive ice dancer. With David Vincour, she is a two-time Ondrej Nepela Memorial bronze medalist, the 2005 Golden Spin of Zagreb bronze medalist, a two-time Pavel Roman Memorial champion, and a five-time Czech national champion. The two competed in the final segment at seven ISU Championships and at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Emmanuel Morin is a French cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam Cofidis.
Stir fried water spinach is a common Asian vegetable dish of stir-fried water spinach. It is a popular Asian vegetable dish, commonly found throughout East, South and Southeast Asia; from Sichuan and Cantonese cuisine in China, to Filipino, Indonesian, Malaysian, Singaporean, and Vietnamese cuisine in Southeast Asia; to Sri Lankan cuisine and Bengali cuisine in South Asia. As a result, it is known by many names; such as tumis kangkung or cah kangkung in Indonesia; kangkong goreng in Malaysia; ginisang kangkóng or adobong kangkóng in the Philippines; rau mung xào in Vietnam; stir fry kong xin cai; stir fry tung choy or ong choy in China; kankun mallung in Sri Lanka; and kolmi shak bhaja in Bangladesh and eastern India.
Acacia sedifolia is a shrub of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Phyllodineae that is endemic to south western Australia.
Kintetsu-Nagashima Station is a railway station on the Nagoya Line in Kuwana, Mie Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Kintetsu Railway. Kintetsu Nagashima Station is 19.5 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Kintetsu Nagoya Station.
Damvant is a former municipality, in the new municipality of Haute-Ajoie and district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.
Abraham Lishinsky is an American artist of the 20th Century, a painter and playwright, best known for seven murals completed for the federally funded agencies of the New Deal programs of the 1930s and 1940s.
Morris Dam is a concrete gravity dam across the San Gabriel River in the U.S. state of California. It impounds Morris Reservoir, directly downstream of San Gabriel Dam.
Uncial 0226, is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. The manuscript paleographically had been assigned to the 5th-century. It contains a small parts of the First Epistle to the Thessalonians, on 1 parchment leaf. It is written in two columns per page, 25 lines per page.
"The Professional Building is a historic office building located at Raleigh, North Carolina. It was designed by the architectural firm Milburn, Heister & Company and built in 1925. It is an eight-story, steel frame and yellow brick veneer Classical Revival style skyscraper with Beaux Arts style terra cotta ornamental elements. It consists of a two-story ""base"", five-story ""shaft"" and one-story ""capital"" in the Chicago style.
USS L-10 (SS-50) was an L-class submarine of the United States Navy.
Spiculosiphon oceana is a giant species of foraminifera. Its appearance and lifestyle mimics that of a sponge. It was discovered in 2013 in underwater caves 30 miles off the coast of Spain.
Ina-Kamisato Station is a railway station on the Iida Line in Iida, Nagano Prefecture, Japan, operated by Central Japan Railway Company.
Japan Marine United Corporation is a Japanese ship building marine engineering and service company headquartered in Yokohama, Japan.
Montrem is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
The Oldbury rock shelters are a complex of Middle Palaeolithic sites situated on the slopes of Oldbury hillfort near Ightham in the English county of Kent.
Dorset Township is one of the twenty-seven townships of Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 846 people in the township.
"Nuit debout is a French social movement that began on 31 March 2016, arising out of protests against proposed labor reforms known as the El Khomri law or Loi travail. The movement was organized around a broad aim of ""overthrowing the El Khomri bill and the world it represents"". It has been compared to the Occupy movement in the United States and to Spain's anti-austerity 15-M or Indignados movement.
The Soutpansberg rock lizard is a small flattened species of lizard in the family Lacertidae. It has been described as a diurnal, rock-dwelling species inhabiting scree and rocky outcrops at altitudes from 900–1600 m. It is endemic to the Limpopo Province in the north of South Africa.
Maryland Route 547 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Maryland. The highway runs 1.80 miles from MD 355 in North Bethesda east to MD 185 in Kensington. MD 547 connects North Bethesda and Kensington with Garrett Park in central Montgomery County. The highway was constructed in the early 1930s.
Expedition 24 was the 24th long-duration mission to the International Space Station. Expedition 24 initially had two planned spacewalks, one Russian and one American Extra-vehicular Activity. The U.S. EVA was re-planned and a second U.S. EVA was added.
Vauxhall bus station is a bus station in Vauxhall, in the London Borough of Lambeth. It is operated by London Buses and owned and maintained by Transport for London, and is the second busiest bus station in the city.
Matukutreia is one of the volcanic cones in the Auckland volcanic field. It has a peak 73 metres above sea level, and was the site of a p. The scoria cone was originally crescent-shaped and featured Mori terraces and kumara pits, before extensive quarrying reduced it to a pyramid-shaped mound big enough to support the summit water tank for Papatoetoe. A small part of the summit and the eastern side of the cone were left unquarried, plus a large area of lava flows to the south of the cone remains intact. These remaining parts have recently been transferred to Department of Conservation Management, primarily because of the high heritage values of the Matukuturua Stonefields gardens.
The People's Bank of Zanzibar is a commercial bank in Tanzania. It is licensed by the Bank of Tanzania, the central bank and national banking regulator.
Hnúša is a town and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.
Brunnadern was a municipality in Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. It was an independent municipality until 1 January 2009, when it joined together with Mogelsberg and St. Peterzell to become the municipality called Neckertal.
"Apostolos ""Apollo"" Papathanasiou is a Swedish heavy metal vocalist of Greek descent, who is currently with the band Spiritual Beggars. He has also sung for Firewind, Meduza, Evil Masquerade, Gardenian, and Richard Andersson's projects Majestic and Time Requiem.
Stockbridge is a town in Calumet County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 1,456 at the 2010 census. The village of Stockbridge, and the unincorporated communities of Dorns Faro Springs Beach, Dorns Twilight Beach, Kloten, Quinney, Rockaway Beach, and Saint Catherines Bay are located within the town.
Bethnal Green is an area in East London. It is in the borough of Tower Hamlets, in London, United Kingdom.
Cupressus revealiana is a rare Mexican species of conifer in the cypress family, is endemic to a small area of the State of Baja California in northwestern Mexico.
Vaudesincourt is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
The Katse Dam, a concrete arch dam on the Malibamat'so River in Lesotho, is Africa's second largest double-curvature arch dam. The dam is part of the Lesotho Highlands Water Project, which will eventually include five large dams in remote rural areas. The dam is just below the confluence of the Bokong River, which forms the western arm of the Katse reservoir.
Greta Richioud is a French professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's Continental Team Hitec Products–Birk Sport.
Rohan is a kingdom of horsemen, the Rohirrim, in J. R. R. Tolkien's fantasy setting of Middle-earth. It is mainly a grassland, and provides its ally Gondor with cavalry.
The Rätisches Grauvieh is an endangered Swiss breed of cattle from the Graubünden in eastern Switzerland. It is a smaller type of the Tiroler Grauvieh breed of Alpine grey cattle. In the 1920s it was absorbed into the Braunvieh population. In 1985 the population was re-established by the introduction of cattle of the similar Albula type from Austria. Like the Rhaetian Alps, it is named for the Ancient Roman province of Rhaetia.
Osaka City University, abbreviated to Ichidai or Shidai, is a public university in Japan. It is located in Sumiyoshi-ku, Osaka.
Sauve is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Redbank Gorge, is a gorge located in the Northern Territory of Australia, 156 km west of Alice Springs. It is situated at the bottom of Mount Sonder. The gorge is part of the West MacDonnell National Park, which has an area of approximately 2,568 square kilometres.
Cornovecchio is a comune in the Province of Lodi in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 80 kilometres southeast of Milan and about 45 kilometres southeast of Lodi.
The volcano shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae found in the high-altitude rainforest of Burundi, eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, and Uganda. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and swamps. Its type locality is Rwanda, Parc National des Volcans, Karisoke.
Compton is a municipality in Coaticook Regional County Municipality in the Estrie region of Quebec, Canada.
Greenvale Reservoir is an off-stream water storage dam in northern Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It has a capacity of 27,000 megalitres. The dam was opened 18 April 1973 and is now managed by Melbourne Water.
Arvid Carlsson was a Swedish neuropharmacologist who is best known for his work with the neurotransmitter dopamine and its effects in Parkinson's disease. For his work on dopamine, Carlsson was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2000, together with Eric Kandel and Paul Greengard.
Roberto Saccà is a German operatic tenor. He was a member of the Hessisches Staatstheater Wiesbaden and Opernhaus Zürich, and has appeared in major European opera houses and festivals, first with a focus on roles such as Mozart's Ferrando and Rossini's Lindoro. He performed in world premieres such as Boesman's Reigen and Willi's Schlafes Bruder.
Hartington is a city in Cedar County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 1,554 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Cedar County.
Juliana Couto Paes is a Brazilian actress and former model.
Dregen is a Swedish musician best known as the guitarist of The Hellacopters, as well as Backyard Babies. As of March 2014, Dregen has also served as the newest member of Michael Monroe's solo band, replacing Ginger as guitarist. He was formerly married to fellow Swedish singer Pernilla Andersson, who is also the mother of their first child, a son named Sixten. The couple officially announced their separation on 1 June 2015.
Dino Alex Ebel is an American former professional baseball player and current coach. He is currently the third base coach for the Los Angeles Dodgers of Major League Baseball. He previously served as the baseball manager for various teams in the Los Angeles Angels system for 9 years.
Awjila is an oasis town in the Al Wahat District in the Cyrenaica region of northeastern Libya. Since classical times it has been known as a place where high quality dates are farmed. From the Arab conquest in the 7th century, Islam has played an important role in the community. The oasis is located on the east-west caravan route between Egypt and Tripoli, and on the north-south route between Benghazi and the Sahel between Lake Chad and Darfur, and in the past was an important trading center. It is the place after which the Awjila language, an Eastern Berber language, is named. The people cultivate small gardens using water from deep wells. Recently, the oil industry has become an increasingly important source of employment.
Steine House is the former residence of Maria Fitzherbert, first wife of the Prince Regent, in the centre of Brighton, part of the English city of Brighton and Hove. The building is now owned and used by Brighton YMCA, the largest supported housing provider in Brighton and Hove. Brighton YMCA houses and resettles 311 homeless people of all ages, providing the best opportunities to empower clients to reach their full potential and achieve their aspirations.
Newton is a town in Marquette County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 550 at the 2000 census.
Farallon Island Light is a lighthouse on Southeast Farallon Island, California. One of the highest lights in California, it was constructed in 1855 to warn ships approaching San Francisco from the
Räterschen is a railway station in the Swiss canton of Zurich and municipality of Elsau. The station is located on the St. Gallen–Winterthur line and is served by trains on the Zurich S-Bahn lines S12 and S35.
Bryan Talbot is a British comics artist and writer, best known as the creator of The Adventures of Luther Arkwright and its sequel Heart of Empire, as well as the Grandville series of books. He collaborated with his wife, Mary M. Talbot to produce Dotter of Her Father's Eyes, which won the 2012 Costa biography award.
Otto Lington was a Danish composer, bandleader and violinist. Lington was a pioneer of jazz and bandleader for Shirley Bassey, Josephine Baker, and Fats Waller among many others. Lington is the grandfather of saxophonist Michael Lington.
Schöningen is a town of about 11,000 inhabitants in the district of Helmstedt, in Lower Saxony, Germany.
The Yamaha YS200 is an FM synthesiser and workstation produced by Yamaha, introduced in 1988. It combines a sequencer, rhythm machine, a FM synthesis soundchip and a MIDI keyboard. It was called the EOS YS200 in Japan and was also released as a more home-oriented keyboard in the form of the Yamaha EOS B200, which also featured built-in stereo speakers. The YS200 is the keyboard equivalent of the Yamaha TQ5 module. The forerunner of the YS200 was the almost-identical Yamaha YS100.
The Maloti Mountains are a mountain range of the highlands of the Kingdom of Lesotho. They extend for about 100 km into the Free State. The Maloti Range is part of the Drakensberg system that includes ranges across large areas of South Africa. “Maloti” is also the plural for Loti, the currency of the Kingdom of Lesotho. The range forms the northern portion of the boundary between the Butha-Buthe District in Lesotho and South Africa's Free State.
Ivo Ferdinand Rinkel was a Dutch tennis and field hockey player who was active in the 1940s and 50s.
St. Albans is a residential middle class community in the southeastern portion of the New York City borough of Queens. It is bordered by Jamaica to the northwest, Hollis to the north, Queens Village to the northeast, Cambria Heights to the east, Laurelton to the southeast, Springfield Gardens to the south, and South Jamaica to the southwest. St. Albans is centered on the intersection of Linden Boulevard and Farmers Boulevard, about two miles north of John F. Kennedy International Airport.
Esquivias is a municipality located in the province of Toledo, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2006 census, the municipality has a population of 4,812 inhabitants.
Heilles-Mouchy is a railway station located in the commune of Heilles in the Oise department, France. The station is served by TER Hauts-de-France trains from Creil to Beauvais.
Daniel Stout House, also known as the Old Stone House and Hubert Brown House, is a historic home located in Bloomington Township, Monroe County, Indiana. It was built in 1828, and is a two-story, stone dwelling representative of a pioneer farmhouse. It is believed that its builder Daniel Stout also helped to build Grouseland at Vincennes, Indiana. The house was restored in the 1940s.
The United States National Library of Medicine, operated by the United States federal government, is the world's largest medical library.
Lands End is the southernmost tip of Bandra in Mumbai. The area is notable for being the residence of several Bollywood actors.
José Adelino Barceló de Carvalho, better known as Bonga, is a folk and semba singer and songwriter from Angola.
Allway is one of the 19 constituencies in the Tsuen Wan District.
Arres is a municipality in the comarca of the Aran Valley in Catalonia, Spain, close to the French border. The mayor is Pere Castet i Farré.
Pembina County is a county in the U.S. state of North Dakota. At the 2010 United States Census its population was 7,413. The county seat is Cavalier.
Mahendra Singh Dhoni, commonly known as M. S. Dhoni and *Mahi*, is a cricket player and was the former captain of the Indian cricket team. Dhoni is a right-handed batsman. He is known as the greatest captain of all time, having achieved more success than any other captain in the history of cricket.
Marian Constance Blackton was an American screenwriter and actress active primarily in the 1920s. She was sometimes credited as Marian Constance.
The Hundred of Kanmantoo is a cadastral unit of hundred in the eastern Adelaide Hills. One of the 10 hundreds of the County of Sturt, it was proclaimed on 13 November 1847 by Governor Frederick Robe and named after the Kanmantoo gold mine, itself presumed to be named after an indigenous term by William Giles.
The 9th constituency of Essonne is a French legislative constituency in the Essonne département.
The Slovenian Railway Museum, or Railway Museum of Slovenian railways, in Ljubljana, Slovenia, located on Parmova ulica 35, is the national museum for Slovenia's railway history.
The Viola de arame is a stringed musical instrument from the Portuguese island of Madeira. It has 9 strings in 5 courses. The strings are made of steel.
"The Forward Wind Energy Center is a 137.85 megawatt wind farm in Dodge and Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin near the village of Brownsville. The wind farm sits on approximately 4,000 acres of land. ""Forward"" is the state's motto. The facility is sited in close proximity to the Horicon National Wildlife Refuge and the Horicon Marsh State Wildlife Area which provide nesting areas for waterfowl and a resting area for large numbers of migratory birds.
Kai Whittaker is a German CDU politician. He has been a member of the Bundestag since 2013, representing the constituency of Rastatt in Baden-Württemberg.
Sheikh Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah is the Crown Prince of Kuwait and Deputy Commander of the Military of Kuwait. He is a half-brother of the Emir of Kuwait, Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah. Nawaf was nominated as Crown Prince on 7 February 2006 against the tradition of the Al-Sabah family, according to which the offices of Emir and Crown Prince alternate between the Al-Jaber and Al-Salem branches. He is currently the oldest Crown Prince in the world.
The Guard Battalion is specialized unit under the Military Police of the Estonian Defence Forces, which conducts ceremonial duties and prepares military police units. It is based in Tallinn and specialized in urban warfare.
Albinen is a municipality in the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Croisances is a former commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Ionel Daniel Dnciulescu is a Romanian former footballer.
Grazalema is a village located in the northeastern part of the province of Cádiz, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain. Situated in the foothills of the Sierra del Pinar mountain range, Grazalema had, as of 2009, a population of 2,205.
Blotzheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Evan Edinger is an American-born YouTuber based in London, England.
Shirosato is a town located in Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan. As of September 2015, the town had an estimated population of 19,955, and a population density of 123 persons per km². Its total area is 161.80 km².
Osøyro is the administrative centre of Bjørnafjorden municipality in Vestland county, Norway. The village lies on the southwestern part of the Bergen Peninsula, along the western shore of the Fusafjorden, about 25 kilometres south of the city centre of Bergen. The European route E39 highway runs through the village on its way to Bergen. There is a car ferry from the east side of Osøyro to the village of Fusa, across the Fusafjorden. Os Church is located in the village.
"The ring-necked duck is a diving duck from North America commonly found in freshwater ponds and lakes. The scientific name is derived from Greek aithuia an unidentified seabird mentioned by authors including Hesychius and Aristotle, and Latin collaris, ""of the neck"" from collum, ""neck""."
This is a list of Acacia species that are known to contain psychoactive alkaloids, or are suspected of containing such alkaloids due to being psychoactive. The presence and constitution of alkaloids in nature can be highly variable, due to environmental and genetic factors.
"Laurel forest, also called laurisilva or laurissilva, is a type of subtropical forest found in areas with high humidity and relatively stable, mild temperatures. The forest is characterized by broadleaf tree species with evergreen, glossy and elongated leaves, known as ""laurophyll"" or ""lauroid"". Plants from the laurel family may or may not be present, depending on the location."
Nertsery Rhymes is a 1933 American Pre-Code musical comedy short film starring Ted Healy and His Stooges, released on July 6, 1933 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It is the first of five short films the comedy team made for the studio.
Lafayette High School is a public high school in Lexington, Kentucky that has been open for 81 years, seen the beginning of racially-desegregated education in the city, and been overseen by eight principals.
Frederick Ward Merriman, generally called Frederick Merriman, was a 19th-century New Zealand politician.
The Hotel Casino de la Selva was a hotel and casino located in the city of Cuernavaca, Mexico.
"Erica is a genus of roughly 857 species of flowering plants in the family Ericaceae. The English common names heath and heather are shared by some closely related genera of similar appearance. The genus Calluna was formerly included in Erica – it differs in having even smaller scale-leaves, and the flower corolla consisting of separate petals. Erica is sometimes referred to as ""winter heather"" to distinguish it from Calluna ""summer heather""."
Coyhaique is a Chilean city with 50.041 inhabitants.
Segrate is a town and comune located in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region of northern Italy.
"James Hamilton ""Ham"" Dowling was a college football player and once chief engineer of the Florida State Highway Commission."
USS Reasoner was a Knox-class frigate of the United States Navy, named in honor of 1st Lt. Frank S. Reasoner, awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously in the Vietnam War.
National Assembly Station is a railway station on Line 9 of the Seoul Subway.
"Twycross Zoo is a medium to large zoo near Norton Juxta Twycross, Leicestershire. The zoo has the largest collection of monkeys and apes in the Western World, and in 2006 re-launched itself as ""Twycross Zoo – The World Primate Centre"".
Eccleston Park railway station serves the Eccleston Park area of Prescot, Merseyside, England. It is situated on the electrified Merseyrail Liverpool to Wigan City Line, 8 ³ miles northeast of Liverpool Lime Street. The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by Northern Trains, however the station is branded Merseyrail using Merseyrail ticketing. It was opened by the London & North Western Railway in July 1891.
Waldo County is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 38,786. Its county seat is Belfast. The county was founded on 7 February 1827 from a portion of Hancock County and named after Brigadier-General Samuel Waldo, proprietor of the Waldo Patent.
"John M. Opitz is a German-American medical geneticist and professor at the University of Utah School of Medicine. He is best known for rediscovering the concept of the developmental field in humans and for his detection and delineation of many genetic syndromes, several now known as the ""Opitz syndromes"" including Smith–Lemli–Opitz syndrome, Opitz–Kaveggia syndrome, Opitz G/BBB syndrome, Bohring–Opitz syndrome, and other autosomal and X-linked conditions. He is founder of the Wisconsin Clinical Genetics Center, the American Journal of Medical Genetics, and the American College and American Board of Medical Genetics."
Thomas Taylor Munford was an American farmer, iron, steel and mining company executive and Confederate colonel and acting brigadier general during the American Civil War.
Tetranychus is a genus of spider mite. Tetranychus is one of the most economically important genera of mites, due to its high potential to destroy agriculture. It contains over 140 species, the most significant of which are Tetranychus urticae.
Metropolitan Epiphanius of Kyiv and All Ukraine is the primate of the Orthodox Church of Ukraine, holding the title of Metropolitan of Kyiv and All Ukraine.
Sainte-Agathe-de-Lotbinière is a municipality in the Municipalité régionale de comté de Lotbinière in Quebec, Canada. Part of the Chaudière-Appalaches region, it had a population of 833 as of 2009.
Penaeus monodon, commonly known as the giant tiger prawn, Asian tiger shrimp, black tiger shrimp, and other names, is a marine crustacean that is widely reared for food.
Kateri Amman, also spelt as Katerie, is a Dakini who is worshipped for the removal of diseases. Kateri is believed or considered to be the little Sister of Kali Maa and Ganga Maa by her devotees. She works alongside Ganga Maa in Caribbean Madrassi worship to remove diseases and to grant children to their devotees. She is believed to go within the deepest parts of a devotee's body to remove sicknesses. Due to the fact that she heals those who go to her as well as grants children to those who also honor her, she became known as a goddess in her own rights by the devotees who honor her after getting their prayers answered.
Andrej Sekera is a Slovak professional ice hockey player currently under a contract with the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League. He Has formerly played for the Buffalo Sabres, Slovan Bratislava, Carolina Hurricanes, Los Angeles Kings and Edmonton Oilers. A defenceman, he was drafted in the third round, 71st overall, by the Sabres in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
"Michael Shrieve is an American drummer, percussionist, and composer. He is best known as the drummer of the rock band Santana, playing on the band's first seven albums from 1969 to 1974. Shrieve was the second youngest musician to perform at Woodstock in 1969, being aged 20. His drum solo during ""Soul Sacrifice"" in the Woodstock film has been described as ""electrifying"", even if he considers his drum solo during ""Soul Sacrifice"" in 1970 at Tanglewood better."
Tarcea is a commune located in Bihor County, Criana, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Adoni, Galopetreu and Tarcea. At the 2011 census, it had 2,690 inhabitants, of whom 77% were Hungarians, 16.8% Romanians and 6.1% Roma. 51.7% were Reformed, 20% Roman Catholic, 12.6% Romanian Orthodox, 9.2% Greek-Catholic and 5.2% Baptist.
Hockey Club Lugano, often abbreviated to HC Lugano or HCL, is a professional ice hockey club based in Lugano, Switzerland. The team competes in the National League and has won seven Swiss championships.
Engelskirchen is a municipality in Oberbergischer Kreis, Germany in North Rhine-Westphalia, about 40 kilometres east of Cologne. The neighbouring municipalities are Overath, Lindlar, Gummersbach, Wiehl and Much.
The 2012 AFC Challenge Cup Final was an association football match between Turkmenistan and North Korea on 19 March 2012 at Dasarath Rangasala in Kathmandu, Nepal.
Escontria is a genus of cactus. The only species is Escontria chiotilla, the chiotilla or jiotilla. The species originates from Mexico.
South Mission Beach is a coastal town and locality in the Cassowary Coast Region, Queensland, Australia. In the 2016 census, South Mission Beach had a population of 932 people.
"Auesee is an artificial bathing lake in Wesel, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, about 50 kilometres northwest from the state capital of Düsseldorf. A popular recreation spot, it has been referred to as the ""jewel"" of Wesel. Auesee was built from one of the largest gravel excavation sites in North Rhine-Westphalia."
Dorfchemnitz is a municipality in the district of Mittelsachsen, in Saxony, Germany.
"Jochen ""Noel Pix"" Seibert is a German rock and house musician. He is the lead guitarist and programmer of German Neue Deutsche Härte band Eisbrecher. Pix formerly belonged also to the band Megaherz as the band's keyboardist. He releases his house tracks under the alias Housemaster Kinky J.
Michele Weaver is an American actress, known for playing the leading role in the Oprah Winfrey Network romantic drama series, Love Is.
Natalia Aleksandrovna Zabiiako is a Russian retired pair skater, before competing for Estonia. Competing for Russia with Alexander Enbert, she was the 2019 World bronze medalist, 2018 European bronze medalist, 2018 Grand Prix of Helsinki champion, 2018 NHK Trophy champion, 2016 Rostelecom Cup silver medalist, and three-time Russian national medalist.
The Basilica of St. Mary Star of the Sea is a Minor Basilica of the Catholic Church located in Key West, Florida, United States. It is one of the oldest Catholic parishes in the state of Florida and the oldest parish in the Archdiocese of Miami. The church is a contributing property in the Key West Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places.
New Synagogue was a synagogue in Gleiwitz, Germany. It was built in 1859–1861, designed by Salomon Lubowski and Louis Troplowitz. The synagogue was destroyed by Nazis during the Kristallnacht on 9–10 November 1938.
Lessonia nigrescens, the grey weed or giant grey weed, is a South American kelp species in the genus Lessonia.
Motohisa Furukawa is a Japanese politician of the Democratic Party for the People and a member of the House of Representatives in the Diet. A native of Nagoya, Aichi and graduate of the University of Tokyo, he joined the Ministry of Finance in 1988, attending Columbia University in the United States as a ministry official. Leaving the ministry in 1994, he took part in the formation of the Democratic Party of Japan in 1996 and was elected to the House of Representatives for the first time in the same year; he is currently serving his fourth term in this House. In September 2011 he was appointed as State Minister of National Strategy, Economic and Fiscal Policy in the cabinet of newly appointed prime minister Yoshihiko Noda.
The Lima metropolitan area, is an area formed by the conurbation of the Peruvian provinces of Lima and Callao. It is the largest of the metropolitan areas of Peru, the seventh largest in the Americas, the fourth largest in Latin America, and among the thirty largest in the world. The conurbation process started to be evident in the 1980s. The metropolitan area is composed of five subregions. These are Lima Norte, Lima Sur, Lima Este, Central Lima, and Callao. Its estimated 2020 population is over 11 million according to the INEI.
Öhringen is the largest town in Hohenlohe in the state of Baden-Württemberg, in southwest Germany, near Heilbronn. Öhringen is on the railline to Schwäbisch Hall and Crailsheim.
U21 is a member of the C/D class of snoRNA which contain the C and D box motifs. U21 is encoded within an intron of the gene for ribosomal protein L5 in mammals, but within introns of the ADP ribosylation factor gene in Drosophila. U21 snoRNA has a 13 nucleotide region of complementarity with an invariant region of eukaryotic 28S ribosomal RNA.
The presidency of Gerald Ford began on August 9, 1974, when Gerald Ford became President of the United States upon the resignation of Richard Nixon from office, and ended on January 20, 1977, a period of 895 days. Ford, a Republican from Michigan, had served as Vice President of the United States since December 6, 1973, following Spiro Agnew's resignation from that office. The 38th United States president, Ford has the distinction of being the first, and to date the only person to serve as president without being elected to either the presidency or the vice presidency. His presidency ended following his defeat in the 1976 presidential election by Democrat Jimmy Carter.
Isaac Smith Kalloch was the 18th Mayor of San Francisco serving from December 1, 1879 to December 4, 1881. He was born at Rockland, Maine and was a native of Maine. Kalloch was a Baptist minister and came to California looking to spread the Baptist faith.
Hertford Lock is a lock situated on the River Lea on the eastern side of Hartham Common, Hertford in the English county of Hertfordshire. It is owned and managed by British Waterways and is the first lock of the River Lee Navigation.
Tustin is a city in Orange County, California, in the Los Angeles metropolitan area. As of 2019, Tustin had a population of 79,348. The city is located next to the county seat, Santa Ana.
Hongqiao Airport Terminal 2 is an interchange station between Line 2 and Line 10 of the Shanghai Metro. The Line 2 portion opened on 16 March 2010, and the Line 10 part opened on 30 November 2010.
Field Marshal John Campbell, 5th Duke of Argyll, styled Marquess of Lorne from 1761 to 1770, was a Scottish soldier and nobleman. After serving as a junior officer in Flanders during the War of the Austrian Succession, he was given command of a regiment and was redeployed to Scotland where he opposed the Jacobites at Loch Fyne at an early stage of the Jacobite Rebellion and went on to fight against them at the Battle of Falkirk Muir and then at the Battle of Culloden. He later became adjutant-general in Ireland and spent some 20 years as a Member of Parliament before retiring to Inveraray Castle.
Christchurch Boys' High School, often referred to as CBHS, is a single sex state secondary school in Christchurch, New Zealand. It is situated on a 12-hectare site between the suburbs of Riccarton and Fendalton, 4 kilometres to the west of central Christchurch. The school also provides boarding facilities for 130 boys in a residence called Adams House located about 500 metres to the east. The school's colours are deep blue and black with an occasional flash of gold.
José Florencio Fernández Santillán is a political science professor and researcher at Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Mexico City. He and his work appear in academic and popular media in Mexico.
The 1st Battalion, 503rd Infantry Regiment is an active duty airborne infantry battalion in the United States Army, assigned to the 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team and stationed in Vicenza, Italy. The battalion has served with the 2nd Infantry Division, the 11th Airborne Division, the 24th Infantry Division, the 82nd Airborne Division, and the 173rd Airborne Brigade; has been stationed in Korea, Italy and the United States; and earned campaign credits in World War II, the Vietnam War, Operation Enduring Freedom-Afghanistan, and Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Chessel Bay is a 12.9-hectare Local Nature Reserve on the east bank of the River Itchen in Southampton in Hampshire. It is owned and managed by Southampton City Council. It is part of Solent and Southampton Water Ramsar site and Special Protection Area, and of Lee-on-The Solent to Itchen Estuary, which is a Site of Special Scientific Interest.
Weiding is a municipality in the district of Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.
Boat Quay is a historical quay in Singapore which is situated upstream from the mouth of the Singapore River on its southern bank. It spans from the shophouses near UOB Centre, stretching along one bank of the Singapore River, all the way till Elgin Bridge.
Magneux-Haute-Rive is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Dompierre-sur-Chalaronne is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Avro Lancaster PA474 is a four-engined, Second World War era, Avro Lancaster heavy bomber operated by the Royal Air Force Battle of Britain Memorial Flight as a tribute to all members of Bomber Command during the Second World War.
Sunchales is a city in the province of Santa Fe, Argentina. It has 21,304 inhabitants per the 2010 census [INDEC]. It lies in the center-west of the province, 135 km from the provincial capital Santa Fe, on National Route 34.
The University of Economics, Prague is an economics and business-oriented public university located in Prague, Czech Republic. It is the largest university in the field of economics, business and information technology in the Czech Republic, with 15 000 students across its bachelors, masters, doctoral and MBA programmes.
Potter is a village in Calumet County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 253 at the 2010 census.
André Ntsatouabantou Milongo was a Congolese politician who served as Prime Minister of the Republic of the Congo from June 1991 to August 1992. He was chosen by the 1991 National Conference to lead the country during its transition to multiparty elections, which were held in 1992. He was also the founder and President of the Union for Democracy and the Republic, a political party. From 1993 to 1997, he was President of the National Assembly, and he was again a deputy in the National Assembly from 2002 to 2007.
Indori fort also known as Induri Fort is one of the many Land forts of Maharashtra state in India. Situated close to the hill station Lonavala and 35 km north of Pune, Indori fort rises to an elevation of 1,033 m above sea level. The fort is located on the banks of Indrayani river. The fort was under the Maratha empire for the majority of the time.
Birkenhead Town Hall is a civic building and former town hall in Birkenhead, on the Wirral Peninsula, England. The building was the former administrative headquarters of the County Borough of Birkenhead, and more recently, council offices for the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral. Birkenhead Town Hall remains the location of the town's register office. However, since the closure of the Wirral Museum in 2010, there is uncertainty over the future purpose of the Grade II* listed building.
George Coulthard was an Australian cricketer and Australian rules footballer.
Lyaskovets is a town in central northern Bulgaria, located in homonymous municipality of Veliko Tarnovo Province, 10 km northeast of Veliko Tarnovo, 2 km southeast of Gorna Oryahovitsa and 5 km south of the Yantra River, north of the Balkan Mountains. Its name comes from the word leska or leshnik, because the tree was abundant in the area. As of December 2009, the town has a population of 10,314 inhabitants.
András Hargitay is a retired swimmer from Hungary, who won the bronze medal in the 400 m individual medley at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He finished fourth in the same event at the 1976 and 1980 Games, missing the bronze medal by less than 0.3 seconds in both cases. In 1974, he set a new world record in the 400 m medley.
Marquess Camden is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom. It was created in 1812 for the politician John Pratt, 2nd Earl Camden. The Pratt family descends from Sir John Pratt, Lord Chief Justice from 1718 to 1725. His third son from his second marriage, Sir Charles Pratt, was also a prominent lawyer and politician and served as Lord Chancellor between 1766 and 1770. In 1765 he was raised to the Peerage of Great Britain as Baron Camden, of Camden Place in the County of Kent, and in 1786 he was further honoured when he was created Viscount Bayham, of Bayham Abbey in the County of Kent, and Earl Camden. These titles are also in the Peerage of Great Britain. Lord Camden was married to Elizabeth, daughter of Nicholas Jeffreys, of The Priory, Brecknockshire, in Wales.
Zwieback is a form of rusk eaten in Germany, Scandinavia, Austria, France, Belgium, The Netherlands, Switzerland, Italy, Slovenia, Bosnia, Croatia, Serbia, North Macedonia, Bulgaria, Greece, and Turkey. It is a type of crisp, sweetened bread, made with eggs and baked twice. It originated in East Prussia. The Mennonites brought Zwieback to the Russian Empire; before the Russian Revolution, when many emigrated to the west, they brought Zwieback to Canada, the United States and other parts of the world.
HMS Somaliland (K594) was a Colony-class frigate of the United Kingdom that served during World War II. She originally was ordered by the United States Navy as the Tacoma-class patrol frigate USS Popham and was transferred to the Royal Navy prior to completion.
"The orange-collared manakin is a passerine bird in the manakin family. It is an endemic resident breeder in Costa Rica and western Panama, where it is found in forests, secondary growth and plantations. It is a small, plump bird about 10 centimetres long. Males have a black crown, mid back, wings and tail and an olive-green rump. The rest of the head, neck, breast and upper back are orange, and the belly is yellow. Females are olive-green with yellow underparts and resemble female white-collared manakins. At breeding time, males are involved in lekking behaviour on the forest floor. This is a fairly common species with a somewhat restricted range, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being of ""least concern""."
Gaëtan Belaud is a French professional footballer who plays as a right back for Paris FC.
"The C Eighth Avenue Local is a 19-mile-long rapid transit service in the B Division of the New York City Subway. Its route emblem, or ""bullet"", is blue since it uses the IND Eighth Avenue Line in Midtown Manhattan.
Typhoon Roy, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Asiang, was the second-most intense January tropical cyclone on record in the Western Pacific basin. Forming out of an area of disturbed weather on January 7, 1988, Roy quickly intensified as it moved through the Marshall Islands. By January 9, the storm intensified into a typhoon and attained its peak intensity the following day. At its peak, sustained winds reached 215 km/h. Slight weakening took place before the storm moved through the Mariana Islands. Continuing westward, the system eventually struck the Philippines as a minimal typhoon before dissipating over the South China Sea on January 19.
Mark van Eeghen
Lignairolles is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Edmund Janes James was an American academic, president of the University of Illinois from 1904 to 1920, and the primary founder, first president and first editor for the American Academy of Political and Social Science.
Eagle Point is a town in Chippewa County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 3,053 at the 2010 census. The unincorporated communities of Eagle Point and Eagleton are located in the town.
Rudbjerggaard, situated 7 km south of Nakskov, is the only half-timbered manor house on the island of Lolland in south-eastern Denmark.
David Bruce Tetteh is a Ghanaian-born Kyrgyz international footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Sheikh Jamal Dhanmondi.
Hiu Lai Court is located at Hiu Kwong Street in Sau Mau Ping. It is a housing estate under Home Ownership Scheme launched by Hong Kong Housing Authority. It has a total of eight blocks built in 1997. All of them belongs to Harmony blocks in their building type.
Robert Bostwick Carney was an admiral in the United States Navy who served as commander-in-chief of the NATO forces in Southern Europe and then as Chief of Naval Operations during the Eisenhower administration.
Blackburn is a constituency which has been represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2015 by Kate Hollern of the Labour Party. From 1979 to 2015, it was represented by Jack Straw who served under the Labour leaders of Neil Kinnock and John Smith and the Labour governments of Tony Blair and Gordon Brown.
Dampierre-et-Flée is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.
 is the second consonant of the Korean alphabet. The Unicode for  is U+3134.
Brzeniak is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wgorzyno, within obez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.
Jever Air Base is a former German Air Force military air base, located 4.3 km west-southwest of Schortens in Lower Saxony, Germany. It was the home of parts of the German Air Force Regiment. Military flying ceased in September 2013.
A wombat is a marsupial in the family Vombatidae. It lives in the Australian eucalyptus forests. There are two genera with three living wombat species; the Common Wombat and the Hairy-nosed Wombats.
Miao Ke-li is a Taiwanese actress, television host and singer.
"The New Zealand TR class locomotive is a type of diesel shunting locomotives built by many different manufacturers. Defined as ""shunting tractors"" or ""rail tractors"" by KiwiRail and its predecessors, they are classified ""TR"" for tractor as a result. Many of these locomotives have been withdrawn, but some are still in service. The first locomotive of this class was built by NZR in 1924. The most powerful were Japanese-built Hitachi TRs, with 138kW Cummins engines."
Andrzej Bryl was a Polish doctor of social sciences, an international expert in the field of close combat, creator of the BAS-3 combat system and president of the ITF Polish Federation of Taekwondo.
Mark Robert Filip is an American lawyer specializing in class action and white collar criminal and regulatory defense. Formerly a partner at Skadden, Arps, he currently practices in the Washington, D.C. office of Kirkland and Ellis. From 2004 until 2008, Filip served as a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. As the George W. Bush administration ended, Filip served as Deputy Attorney General of the United States, and as the Barack Obama administration began he briefly served as Acting Attorney General.
Leopold Bauer was an Austrian architect. His work was part of the architecture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Kuba & Pila Architects is a Czech architecture firm based in Brno and established in 1998 by Ladislav Kuba and Tomáš Pila.
Arahanthgiri Jain Math is a Jain Matha that established near Tirumalai in August, 1998. The Math is headed by Bhattaraka Dhavalakeerthi.
Pontiac is a municipality in the Outaouais region of western Quebec, Canada, on the north shore of the Ottawa River. It is part of Les Collines-de-l'Outaouais Regional County Municipality, located within Canada's National Capital Region. It should not be confused with Pontiac Regional County Municipality, which borders Pontiac to the west.
Sharad Kumar is an Indian para high jumper and a former world no. 1. Born in Patna, he made his International debut at the 2010 Asian Para Games. At the 2014 Asian Para Games, he won the gold medal in the high jump, breaking a 12-year Asian Games record, and reclaimed the world no. 1 position. Kumar participated in the 2016 Summer Paralympics finishing sixth. He won Silver in 2017 World ParaAthletics Championships. He is supported by GoSports Foundation through the Para Champions Programme.
Châtillon-Coligny is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Alice, a Hunslet 0-4-0 ST, used to work in the Dinorwic slate quarries at Llanberis, in North Wales. Built in 1902, as Works No. 780, the locomotive was originally called No. 4. There was an earlier Alice which was built in 1889, later renamed King of the Scarlets.
MS Jutlandia was contracted by and built for the East Asiatic Company in 1934, as a combined passenger and cargo ship at EAC's Nakskov Shipyard, Denmark. Following an extended operational life in which she also served as a hospital ship and a royal yacht, she was finally decommissioned in 1965.
Super Mario Run is a 2016 platform video game developed and published by Nintendo for iOS and later Android. It is Nintendo's first mobile game that is part of one of the company's long-running and major franchises.
Johan Andrés Mojica Palacio is a Colombian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Girona FC and the Colombia national team. Mainly a left back, he can also play as a left winger.
St Lawrence's Church is in the village of Crosby Ravensworth, Cumbria, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Appleby, the archdeaconry of Carlisle, and the diocese of Carlisle. Its benefice is united with those of five local churches to form The Leith-Lyvennet Group of Parishes. The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
Galla Placidia, daughter of the Roman emperor Theodosius I, was regent to Valentinian III from 423 until his majority in 437, and a major force in Roman politics for most of her life. She was queen consort to Ataulf, king of the Visigoths from 414 until his death in 415, and briefly empress consort to Constantius III in 421.
"""Hansel and Gretel"" is a German fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm and published in 1812 in Grimm's Fairy Tales.
Blackheath drill hall is a military installation at Blackheath in London.
Descanso is a small census-designated place in the Cuyamaca Mountains, within the Mountain Empire area of southeastern San Diego County, California.
Hermann Adam Widemann was a businessman from Germany who was a judge and member of the cabinet of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
The Taichung Martyr's Shrine is a martyrs' shrine in North District, Taichung, Taiwan dedicated to heroes of the Republic of China.
Horní Kamenice is a village and municipality in Domažlice District in the Plze Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality covers an area of 3.85 square kilometres, and has a population of 212.
Nikolai Petrovich Burlyayev is a Soviet and Russian actor. Born into a family of actors, Burlyayev started his career in film and theatre when he was still a child. He is best known for his title role in Andrei Tarkovsky's Ivan's Childhood. He worked with Tarkovsky again four years later, as Boriska in Andrei Rublev.
Morupule Thermal Power Station is a coal-fired power station in Botswana. It is responsible for an estimated 80 percent of the country's domestic power generation.
The Second Battle of Caloocan, alternately called the Second Battle of Manila, was fought from February 22 to 24, 1899, in Caloocan during the Philippine–American War. The battle featured a Filipino counterattack aimed at gaining Manila from the Americans. This counterattack failed to regain Manila mainly because of lack of coordination among Filipino units and lack of artillery support.
Vannaire is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.
Wife Tamers is a 1926 silent film short directed by James W. Horne and produced by Hal Roach. It stars Lionel Barrymore, Clyde Cook and Gertrude Astor. It was distributed by Pathé Exchange.
Iron River Township is a civil township of Iron County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1,585 at the 2000 census.
Golzerensee is a lake at Golzeren in the Canton of Uri, Switzerland. Its surface area is 5.7 ha. Golzeren is located in the Maderanertal and can be reached by cable car from Bristen. The lake is a popular fishing location. Species include brown trout, rainbow trout, and perch.
Joaquim Machado de Castro was one of Portugal's foremost sculptors. He wrote extensively on his works and the theory behind them, including a full-length discussion of the statue of King Joseph I entitled Descripção analytica da execução da estatua equestre, Lisbon 1810.
In 2000, Lift For Life Academy became the first independent charter middle school to open in the City of St. Louis.
Buzu County is a county of Romania, in the historical region Muntenia, with the capital city at Buzu.
Seneca Falls is a town in Seneca County, New York, United States. The population was 9,040 at the 2010 census.
The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached South Sudan on April 5, 2020. As of May 13, there are 203 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in South Sudan.
Winny Puhh is an Estonian metal/punk band formed in 1993. The founding members, Ove, Indrek, and Olavi knew each other from their school. In 2009, the drummer Olavi Sander temporarily left the band and was replaced by Kristjan. Later however Olevik returned and the band has two drummers now. Many of their performances involve costumes.
Castle Pinckney Light is a former lighthouse on Shutes' Folly Island in Charleston Harbor, Charleston County, South Carolina.
Lakewood Park is a census-designated place in St. Lucie County, Florida, United States. The population was 11,323 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Port St. Lucie Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The Sacramento Mountains are a mountain range in the south-central part of the U.S. state of New Mexico, lying just east of Alamogordo in Otero County. From north to south, the Sacramento Mountains extend for 85 miles, and from east to west they encompass 42 miles.
John Leonard Olson was an American radio personality and television announcer. Olson is perhaps best known for his work as an announcer for game shows, particularly the work he did for Mark Goodson-Bill Todman Productions. Olson was the longtime announcer for the original To Tell the Truth and What's My Line?, and spent over a decade as the announcer for both Match Game and The Price Is Right, working on the latter series at the time of his death.
Jamestown is a village in Bienville Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 139 at the 2010 census and 130 in 2017.
Burnham is a borough in Mifflin County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 2,054 at the 2010 census.
Murbach is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.
Mickleham is a village in south east England, between the towns of Dorking and Leatherhead in Surrey. The civil parish covers 7.31 square kilometres and includes the hamlet of Fredley. The larger ecclesiastical Parish of Mickleham includes the majority of the neighbouring village of Westhumble, from which it is separated by the River Mole.
In Greek mythology, Menelaus was a king of Mycenaean Sparta, the husband of Helen of Troy, and the son of Atreus and Aerope. According to the Iliad, Menelaus was a central figure in the Trojan War, leading the Spartan contingent of the Greek army, under his elder brother Agamemnon, king of Mycenae. Prominent in both the Iliad and Odyssey, Menelaus was also popular in Greek vase painting and Greek tragedy, the latter more as a hero of the Trojan War than as a member of the doomed House of Atreus.
Bubovice is a municipality and village in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
Brownsburg-Chatham is a municipality in the Laurentides region of Quebec, Canada, part of the Argenteuil Regional County Municipality. It is located along the Ottawa River, just west of Lachute, and includes the communities of Brownsburg, Cushing, Dalesville, Greece's Point, Pine Hill, and Saint-Philippe. Economic activities include agriculture, tourism and the manufacture of explosives.
William Winston Roper was an American football, basketball, and baseball player and coach. He served as the head football coach at the Virginia Military Institute, Princeton University, the University of Missouri, and Swarthmore College, compiling a career college football record of 112–38–18. Roper's Princeton Tigers football teams of 1906, 1911, 1920, and 1922 have been recognized as national champions. His 89 wins are the most of any coach in the history of the program. Roper was also the head basketball coach at Princeton for one season in 1902–03, tallying a mark of 8–7. Roper played football as an end, basketball, and baseball as an outfielder at Princeton, from which he graduated in 1902. He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 1951.
St. Anthony's Catholic Church is a historic Roman Catholic church in Padua, an unincorporated community in Washington Township, Mercer County, Ohio, United States. Built in the late nineteenth century, it remains the home of a functioning congregation, and it has been recognized as a historically significant building because of its architecture.
SS Alert was a steamship that sank off Cape Schanck, Victoria, Australia on 28 December 1893. The ship was built for the gentle waters of Scottish lochs and was almost 51 m long and weighed 247 tonnes.
Michael Steven Brown is an American former professional ice hockey right winger.
Stálky is a village and municipality in Znojmo District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
Willow Valley is a census-designated place in Mohave County, Arizona, United States. The population was 585 at the 2000 census.
Klettgau is a municipality in the district of Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is the centre of the Klettgau historical region stretching across the Swiss border into the cantons of Aargau, Schaffhausen and Zürich.
"The ""Transit of Venus March"" is a march scored for military brass band written by John Philip Sousa in 1883 to celebrate the 1882 Transit of Venus and published by the J.W. Pepper Company. The work was erroneously thought to be lost for over 100 years when a piano transcription published in 1896 was found by a Library of Congress employee in 2003. Copies of the original Pepper publication, however, do survive."
Lim Ju-eun is a South Korean actress.
Encephalocele is a neural tube defect characterized by sac-like protrusions of the brain and the membranes that cover it through openings in the skull. These defects are caused by failure of the neural tube to close completely during fetal development. Encephaloceles cause a groove down the middle of the skull, or between the forehead and nose, or on the back side of the skull. The severity of encephalocele varies, depending on its location.
Georgi Atsev, known as Goga, was a Bulgarian revolutionary, a worker of the Internal Macedonian-Adrianople Revolutionary Organization in the Prilep region. In the Republic of Macedonia he is considered an Ethnic Macedonian.
"Rosamund Clifford, often called ""The Fair Rosamund"" or the ""Rose of the World"", was famed for her beauty and was a mistress of King Henry II of England, famous in English folklore."
Marc Armand Ouellet PSS is a Canadian Cardinal prelate of the Catholic Church. He has been the prefect of the Congregation for Bishops and president of the Pontifical Commission for Latin America since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 30 June 2010. He was Archbishop of Quebec and Primate of Canada from 2002 to 2010. He was made a cardinal by Pope John Paul II on 21 October 2003. Ouellet was considered a papabile to succeed Pope Benedict XVI, who resigned on 28 February 2013.
Lotti Huber was a German actress. She appeared in more than twenty films from 1978 to 1999.
Kolinec is a market town in Klatovy District in the Plze Region of the Czech Republic. It has a population of about 1,400. Kolinec lies approximately 16 kilometres south-east of Klatovy, 51 km south of Plze, and 113 km south-west of Prague.
Mathar Ramakrishnan Gopakumar is an Indian film, television and theatre actor from Kerala. He began his acting career through Malayalam stage plays and later in tele-films and television serials and into films. In his career spanning over four decades, Gopakumar has acted in a wide variety of roles and has worked in both art house and mainstream films.
Howard Colwell Hopson was an American businessman who was convicted of defrauding Americans of more than $20 million. Hopson built his company, Associated Gas and Electric into one of the largest electricity providing companies of the era. At its peak, AG&E was the country's third largest provider of electricity, and the fifth largest holding company.
HMAS Townsville (FCPB 205), named for the city of Townsville, Queensland, was a Fremantle-class patrol boat of the Royal Australian Navy. Built by North Queensland Engineers and Agents, the ship was laid down in 1979, and commissioned into the RAN in 1981.
"Brian Lee Harvey is an English musician. Harvey was the lead singer of pop band East 17, later renamed E-17. E-17 had two UK Top 20 singles between 1998 and 1999 with the album Resurrection reaching the UK Top 50. After E-17 Harvey signed a record deal with Edel Records and had two singles released in 2001, ""Straight Up"" and ""Loving You""."
Chusquea quila, or Spanish: quila, is a perennial bamboo that grows in the humid temperate forests of Chile and Argentina.
McCredie Springs are hot springs within the Willamette National Forest in Lane County, Oregon. It is located near Oregon Route 58, about 10.7 miles east of Oakridge, and 50.7 miles east of Eugene.
Moses v Macferlan 2 Bur 1005 is a foundational case in the law of restitution holding that in certain circumstances such as when money is paid by mistake, for failed consideration or under oppression; the law will allow the money to be recovered.
Vallromanes is a village in the Vallès Oriental, bordering Maresme, and approximately 25 km from Barcelona in Catalunya, Spain. It forms part of the Barcelona metropolitan area and extends along the northeastern slopes of the Sant Mateu range in the Cordillera Litoral; the end of which is home to the Vallromanes riverbed, which flows from Mogent towards Montornès del Vallès. The village is mountainous, largely covered in shrubs, as well as pine and oak forests. There are several gated communities in the area around the Vallromanes Golf Club and nearby.
Nad Sylvan is a U.S. born Swedish progressive rock musician and songwriter, who is currently the vocalist in Steve Hackett’s band Genesis Revisited and has also maintained a solo career and collaborations with several other musicians.
Besiberri del Mig is a mountain of the Massís del Besiberri, Catalonia, Spain. Located in the Pyrenees, it has an altitude of 2995.2 metres above sea level.
The Owl's Head Historic District is a residential area located on the west side of Des Moines, Iowa, United States. Among its 50 buildings is the former Iowa governor's mansion. The district has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1978.
Katharina Innerhofer is an Austrian biathlete. She was born in Zell am See.
"Karate is a martial art developed in the Ryukyu Kingdom. It developed from the indigenous Ryukyuan martial arts under the influence of Kung Fu, particularly Fujian White Crane. Karate is now predominantly a striking art using punching, kicking, knee strikes, elbow strikes and open-hand techniques such as knife-hands, spear-hands and palm-heel strikes. Historically, and in some modern styles, grappling, throws, joint locks, restraints and vital-point strikes are also taught. A karate practitioner is called a karateka, and its plural is ""karateka"" or ""karatekas"".
The London Underground 1972 Stock is a type of rolling stock used on the London Underground. The 1972 Stock was ordered to make up the shortfall in trains on the Northern line's 1959 Tube Stock fleet; however it is currently used on the Bakerloo line. Following the withdrawal of the A Stock on the Metropolitan line in 2012, and the C Stock on the Circle, District and Hammersmith & City lines in June 2014, these trains are now the oldest trains on the London Underground and also on any rapid transit system in the United Kingdom.
The Columbia Valley AVA is an American Viticultural Area which lies in the Columbia River Plateau, through much of central and southern Washington State, with a small section crossing into the neighboring state of Oregon. The AVA includes the drainage basin of the Columbia River and its tributaries through much of Washington. Allen Shoup, president of Washington State's largest winery Chateau Ste. Michelle, understood the importance of obtaining appellation status for Washington State to grow the reputation of the vineyards. He hired Drs. Wade Wolfe and Walter Clore to petition the federal government for appellation status, a request that was granted in 1984. The Columbia Valley AVA is the largest wine region in the state of Washington, including over 11,000,000 acres, of which over 50,000 acres are planted in vineyards. The Columbia Valley AVA includes 99% of the total vineyard area planted in the state of Washington. Grapes grown here include Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Chardonnay, Riesling, Syrah, Pinot gris, and Sauvignon blanc. Concord grapes and other Vitis labrusca grapes are grown in the region as well.
Persoonia lanceolata, commonly known as lance-leaf geebung, is a shrub native to New South Wales in eastern Australia. It reaches 3 m in height and has smooth grey bark and bright green foliage. Its small yellow flowers grow on racemes and appear in the austral summer and autumn, followed by green fleshy fruits which ripen the following spring. Within the genus Persoonia, P. lanceolata belongs to the lanceolata group of 58 closely related species. It interbreeds with several other species found in its range.
David Rhodes is an English guitarist, singer, and songwriter best known for his long-time association with Peter Gabriel. He was the guitarist and vocalist for the British rock band Random Hold from 1979–1982, and has been the principal studio and touring guitarist for Gabriel since 1980. Rhodes has released two solo albums.
Candelaria, also Villa Mariana de Candelaria, is a municipality and city in the eastern part of the island of Tenerife in the Province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife, in the Canary Islands, Spain. The city is located on the coast, 17 km southwest of Santa Cruz de Tenerife. The population is 25,140, and the area is 49.18 km².
Lou D'Angeli is an American marketing professional and retired professional wrestling manager. He is the current Director of Marketing and Public Relations for Cirque du Soleil in Las Vegas. He is best known for his appearances with the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania-based professional wrestling promotion Extreme Championship Wrestling from 1995 to 2001 under the ring names Sign Guy Dudley and Lou E. Dangerously.
Mora fort is located in the Baglan area of Nashik district. There are two main hill ranges in Baglan area, the Selbari range is south of the Dolbari hill range. These two ranges run parallel to each other in east-west direction. Moragad is located on Selbari hill range. All these forts were maintained to keep watch on the Burhanpur-Surat ancient commercial road. The road passes between the two hill ranges. Mora fort is a small fort, close to Mulher fort.
USS Oriskany – nicknamed Mighty O, and occasionally referred to as the O-boat – was one of the few Essex-class aircraft carriers completed after World War II for the United States Navy. The ship was named for the Battle of Oriskany during the Revolutionary War.
Kari Markus Granlund is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing with Salavat Yulaev Ufa in the Kontinental Hockey League. He is a second round selection of the Calgary Flames, taken 45th overall at the 2011 NHL Entry Draft. Granlund played two seasons in the SM-liiga for HIFK before moving to North America to join the Flames organization in 2013. His older brother Mikael is also an NHL player for the Nashville Predators.
Tekax Municipality is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing of land and is located roughly 125 kilometres southeast of the city of Mérida.
Alleghany County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2010 census, the population was 11,155. Its county seat is in Sparta.
Humoresque is a 1920 American silent drama film produced by Cosmopolitan Productions, released by Famous Players-Lasky and Paramount Pictures, and was directed by Frank Borzage from a 1919 short story by Fannie Hurst and script or scenario by Frances Marion.
USS Van Valkenburgh (DD-656) was a Fletcher-class destroyer of the United States Navy, named for Captain Franklin Van Valkenburgh, captain of the battleship Arizona when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor.
Amajari is a municipality located in the northwest of the state of Roraima in Brazil. Its population is 7,980 and its area is 28,472 km². It is the westernmost municipality in Roraima.
"On 23 January 2020, the central government of China imposed a lockdown in Wuhan and other cities in Hubei in an effort to quarantine the center of an outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019; this action is commonly referred to as the ""Wuhan lockdown"". The World Health Organization, although stating that it was beyond its own guidelines, commended the move, calling it ""unprecedented in public health history"".
Nicolaes Tulp was a Dutch surgeon and mayor of Amsterdam. Tulp was well known for his upstanding moral character and as the subject of Rembrandt's famous painting The Anatomy Lesson of Dr Nicolaes Tulp.
Lake Asveja or Dubingiai Lake is the longest lake in Lithuania. It covers 9.78 km² area and reaches a depth of 50.2m which makes it the third deepest lake in Lithuania. It lies partly in Moltai district, Švenionys district and Vilnius district. The alternative name comes from the historical Dubingiai Castle, constructed on the former island, and the small town of Dubingiai situated on the lake. The town is a popular tourist destination. Žeimena River flows south of the lake and people rent boats or kayaks to go down the river to the Neris River.
Dutton is a settlement in South Australia.
Kyle Brotzman is an arena football placekicker who is currently a free agent. He has also been a member of the Utah Blaze, Jacksonville Sharks and Spokane Empire.
11 Stanwix Street, formerly known as Westinghouse Tower, is one of the major distinctive and recognizable features of Downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA. The tower was originally built and named for the Westinghouse Corporation; in 1999 that company went through a restructuring and moved its headquarters to its longtime research park in the suburb of Monroeville, before expansions in their operations necessitated a move to a larger suburban complex in Cranberry Township. As of June 2009, the building tenants are IBM, the Allegheny Conference on Community Development, the advertising firm Brunner, and the local headquarters of KeyCorp.
Agnes Mary Clerke was an Irish astronomer and writer, mainly in the field of astronomy. She was born in Skibbereen, County Cork, Ireland, and died in London.
York Factory was a settlement and Hudson's Bay Company factory located on the southwestern shore of Hudson Bay in northeastern Manitoba, Canada, at the mouth of the Hayes River, approximately 200 kilometres south-southeast of Churchill. York Factory was one of the first fur-trading posts established by the HBC, built in 1684 and used in that business for more than 270 years. The settlement was headquarters of the HBC's Northern Department from 1821 to 1873. The complex was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1936.
The Royal Marine Hotel is a hotel located on Marine Parade in Hunters Quay, Argyll and Bute, Scotland. It is a Category B listed building, opened in 1890 after the original 1856 building, named Marine Hotel, was gutted by fire. Its architect was Glasgow's Thomas Lennox Watson. The new construction received royal patronage in 1872.
West Forsyth High School is a public high school, located in Cumming, Georgia, United States, a suburb northeast of Atlanta. The school is located at 4155 Drew Road.
The Mitsubishi Lancer is a compact car produced by the Japanese manufacturer Mitsubishi since 1973.
Maria Luisa Mangini was an Italian actress that mostly acted in movies. She was one of the Italian theater's most famous actresses. In the 1950s and 1960s, she devoted herself to the cinema. Mainly she played the role of the femme fatale. However, she proved to be a talented actress interpreting also a dramatic role in Michelangelo Antonioni's Il grido with great critical acclaim. In 1957, at the top of her popularity, she also took part in the Oscar-winning movie The Nights of Cabiria. She retired from acting in 1965, after becoming pregnant with her son. In 2011, she committed suicide by shooting herself, fourteen days after her 83rd birthday.
The Sault Plat River is a river flowing in Rivière-au-Tonnerre, in Minganie Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Côte-Nord, in the province of Quebec, Canada. It empties into the Gulf of Saint Lawrence.
The Kanuni Sultan Suleiman bridge, also known as Büyükçekmece Bridge, is a stone arch bridge located in Büyükçekmece, 36 km west of the center of Istanbul, Turkey, on the European side of the Bosphorus.
The J.C. Palumbo Fruit Company Packing and Warehouse Building is a historic packing house in Payette, Idaho that was built in 1928. It was designed by architects Tourtellotte & Hummel.
Rone Church is a medieval church in Rone on the Swedish island of Gotland. The Gothic church contains a number of medieval murals. It is part of the Church of Sweden and lies in the Diocese of Visby.
Thelazia callipaeda is a parasitic nematode, and the most common cause of thelaziasis in humans, dogs and cats. It was first discovered in the eyes of a dog in China in 1910. By 2000, over 250 human cases had been reported in the medical literature.
The Front Page is a 1931 American pre-Code comedy-drama film directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Adolphe Menjou and Pat O'Brien. Based on a 1928 Broadway play of the same name by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, the film was produced by Howard Hughes, written by Bartlett Cormack and Charles Lederer, and distributed by United Artists. The supporting cast includes Mary Brian, George E. Stone, Matt Moore, Edward Everett Horton and Walter Catlett. At the 4th Academy Awards, the film was nominated for Best Picture, Milestone for Best Director, and Menjou for Best Actor.
Heidi B. Hammel is a planetary astronomer who has extensively studied Neptune and Uranus. She was part of the team imaging Neptune from Voyager 2 in 1989. She led the team using the Hubble Space Telescope to view Shoemaker-Levy 9's impact with Jupiter in 1994. She has used the Hubble Space Telescope and the Keck Telescope to study Uranus and Neptune, discovering new information about dark spots, planetary storms and Uranus' rings. In 2002, she was selected as an interdisciplinary scientist for the James Webb Space Telescope.
Odilon Polleunis, nicknamed Lon, was a Belgian football player who won the Belgian Golden Shoe in 1968 while at Sint-Truiden. He played 22 matches and scored 10 goals for the national team between 1968 and 1975, starting in a 1–2 friendly win against the Netherlands on 7 April 1968. Polleunis scoring on his debut and the first of his 7 goals in his first 5 Internationals, including a hat-trick against Finland and two against Yugoslavia in World Cup qualifiers in October 1968.
The South Western Main Line is a 143-mile major railway line between Waterloo station in central London and Weymouth on the south coast of England. A predominantly passenger line, it serves many commuter areas including suburbs of London such as around Hampton Court Palace and the conurbations based on Southampton and Bournemouth. It runs through the counties of Surrey, Hampshire and Dorset.
Lombron is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France.
Ahmad Shah's Mosque, also known as Shahi Jam-e-Masjid or Juni Juma Masjid is the oldest mosque of Ahmedabad, India.
The Hafner A.R.III Gyroplane was a British 1930s experimental autogyro designed by Austrian Raoul Hafner, and built by the A.R.III Construction Company at Denham, Buckinghamshire.
Jon Michael Varese is an American novelist and literary historian.
GOES-2, known as GOES-B before becoming operational, was a geostationary weather satellite which was operated by the United States National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration as part of the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite system. GOES-2 was built by Ford Aerospace, and was based on the satellite bus developed for the Synchronous Meteorological Satellite programme. At launch it had a mass of 295 kilograms. It was positioned in geostationary orbit, from where it was used for weather forecasting in the United States. Following its retirement as a weather satellite, it was used as a communications satellite until its final decommissioning in 2001.
"Thomas Joseph Davey is an American former professional baseball pitcher. At 6'0"", Davey was a right-handed relief pitcher for 3 years with the Toronto Blue Jays, Seattle Mariners, and San Diego Padres."
Schönau Abbey is a monastery in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Limburg on the outskirts of the municipality of Strüth in the Rhein-Lahn district, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is often referred to as Schönau Abbey of Nassau or Schönau Abbey in Taunus, in order to differentiate it from the other Schönau Abbey in Baden-Württemberg. This Schönau Abbey is most well known as the convent of St. Elizabeth of Schönau.
Henry Charles Sirr was an Irish soldier, police officer, wine merchant and collector.
Undershaw is a former residence of the author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, the creator of Sherlock Holmes.
Chrzelice north-east of Prudnik, and 27 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.
Simmelsdorf is a municipality in the district of Nürnberger Land in Bavaria in Germany.
The Gorontalo macaque or Dumoga-bone macaque is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae. It is endemic to the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia.
Barrie Thomas Rutter OBE is an English actor and the founder and former artistic director of the Northern Broadsides theatre company based in Dean Clough complex, Halifax, West Yorkshire, England.
Kidney Island Spanish: Isla Celebroña, so called due to its shape, is a small island with a land area of 33 hectares, to the east of East Falkland, not far from Stanley. It lies is at the east end of Berkeley Sound near Kidney Cove, and is separated from Port William by Menguera Point. It is a nature reserve and, unlike most of the main islands, is still covered in tussac grass. Its wildlife includes penguins and sea lions. It is one of only three places in the archipelago where king penguins breed; the others are Saunders Island and Volunteer Point on East Falkland.
The Annunciation with St. Margaret and St. Ansanus is a painting by the Italian Gothic artists Simone Martini and Lippo Memmi, now housed in the Uffizi Gallery in Florence, Italy. It is a wooden triptych painted in tempera and gold, with a central panel having double size. Considered Martini's masterwork and one of the most outstanding works of Gothic painting, the work was originally painted for a side altar in the Siena Cathedral.
The 2017 Kuomintang chairmanship election was held on 20 May 2017. This was the seventh direct election of the party leader in Kuomintang history. All registered, due-paying KMT party members were eligible to vote.
Hencse is a village in Somogy county, Hungary.
Ligia baudiniana is a woodlouse in the family Ligiidae. It has a coarsely granular surface and large eyes that are very close together.
Re Dennis [1996] Ch 80 is an English land law case, concerning co-ownership of land.
Helsinki Court House is situated on Salmisaari in Helsinki, Finland. Designed by Väinö Vähäkallio, it was constructed between 1937 and 1940 as Alko's headquarters, factory and main storage, and was partially reconstructed in 2004, when it became a court house.
François de Bonne, duc de Lesdiguières was a French soldier of the French Wars of Religion and Constable of France.
Rocquigny, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
Albanella is a town and comune in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy. It is located 51 kilometers from the city of Salerno.
Morningbell is a psychedelic rock band based in Gainesville, Florida. The band was formed in 2000 by brothers Travis Atria and Eric Atria. Stacie Thrushman/Atria joined the band in late 2001, while Chris Hillman was recruited in 2007 as the band's 6th drummer.
Adath Shalom was a synagogue located in the Whitman neighborhood of South Philadelphia at 607 W Ritner Street/2353-2355 S Marshall Street, the corner of Marshall and Ritner Streets. The synagogue opened in 1922 and closed in 2007. The building was most recently used as a Buddhist temple. It was sold in February 2018 and is vacant in 2019.
The Portland Air Defense Sector is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with the 25th Air Division, being stationed at Adair Air Force Station, Oregon. It was inactivated on 1 April 1966.
Emperor Zhuangzong of Later Tang, personal name Li Cunxu, nickname Yazi, was the Prince of Jin and later became Emperor of Later Tang, of the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period of Chinese history. He was the son of Li Keyong, a Shatuo Jiedushi of Tang dynasty.
"Morristown is a NJ Transit rail station on the Morristown Line, located in Morristown, Morris County, New Jersey, United States. It serves an average of 1,800 passengers on a typical weekday. Construction of the historic station began in 1912 and the facility opened November 3, 1913. A station agent and waiting room are available weekdays. The station's interior was featured in Cyndi Lauper's ""Time After Time"" video in 1984. Just west of the station, at Baker Interlocking the Morristown & Erie Railway branches off the NJT line. The M&E's offices and shop are here.
"Bullet is the name of the horse that is ridden by the ""Spirit Rider"" at Oklahoma State University-Stillwater football games and other special events. The current Bullet is a black American quarter horse gelding. Bullet was introduced as an Oklahoma State tradition in 1984 by the late Dr. Eddy Finley as part of the Spirit Rider Program. Finley, a graduate of Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas, was said to have been inspired by the Red Raiders' Masked Rider when creating the Spirit Rider tradition. Bullet gallops out onto the football field at Boone Pickens Stadium, ridden by the Spirit Rider carrying an orange OSU flag, during the pre-game performance by the Cowboy Marching Band and after every Cowboy touchdown. The current Bullet is the fourth horse used in the OSU Spirit Rider program, and the third horse to be named Bullet.
National Stock Exchange of India Limited is the leading stock exchange of India, located in Mumbai, Maharashtra. NSE was established in 1992 as the first dematerialized electronic exchange in the country. NSE was the first exchange in the country to provide a modern, fully automated screen-based electronic trading system which offered easy trading facilities to investors spread across the length and breadth of the country. Vikram Limaye is Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of NSE.
Ada is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Pontotoc County.
Albaret-Sainte-Marie is a commune in the Lozère department in southern France.
Phillip Michael McDonald is an American professional basketball player. He began his college career playing for the New Mexico Lobos men's basketball team. Born in Cypress, Texas, McDonald was the starting shooting guard for the Lobos the first three years he has played, and provided experience and depth off the bench for the Lobos his senior year.
"Patrick ""P. J."" Hall Jr. is an American football defensive end for the Houston Texans of the National Football League. He played college football at Sam Houston State University and was drafted by the Oakland Raiders in the second round of the 2018 NFL Draft."
Dylan Jacob Macallister is a retired Australian football player who currently coaches for Manly United FC in the National Premier League. He previously played for Australian clubs Sydney Olympic, Northern Spirit, Central Coast Mariners and Melbourne Heart, New Zealand club Wellington Phoenix, Norwegian clubs SK Brann, Lyn and Sparta Sarpsborg, and Hong Kong club Eastern Salon.
Kyle Pfeiffer, known professionally as Blacklite District, is an American singer, songwriter, guitarist, rapper, and record producer from the Black Hills of South Dakota. Blacklite District's sound relies heavily on the influence of hip hop, pop, and classic hard rock. He began writing music as a way to cope after the death of his mother, Tina Pfeiffer, on May 3, 1999.
Hartsdale is located in the town of Greenburgh, Westchester County, New York, United States. The population was 5,293 at the 2010 census. It is a suburb of New York City.
Hamsters are rodents belonging to the subfamily Cricetinae. The subfamily contains about 25 species in six or seven genera. They have become established as popular small house pets. They are a bit like a mouse. Wild hamsters live in the desert, but people all over the world keep domesticated hamsters as pets.
Occidental Mindoro is a province in the Philippines located in the Mimaropa region. The province occupies the western half of the island of Mindoro. Its capital is Mamburao, but the largest municipality is San Jose. As of 2015, Occidental Mindoro has 487,414 inhabitants.
Roseville is a city in Macomb County in the U.S. state of Michigan, and is a part of the Metro Detroit area. The population was 47,299 at the 2010 census. Until 1958, Roseville was a part of Erin Township.
Glenne is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is a right tributary of the Lippe, which it joins near Lippstadt. Its upstream is called Haustenbach.
Nachusa Township is located in Lee County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 493 and it contained 204 housing units. Nachusa Township was formed from China Township on February 8, 1872.
St Peter's Church is a historic Anglican church in the village of Allexton, Leicestershire, England. It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. Its most important feature is the Norman north arcade dating from about 1160.
North Algona Wilberforce is a township in Renfrew County, Ontario, Canada. It has a population of 2,873. The township was formed in 1999 when the North Algona and Wilberforce townships were amalgamated.
HMS Dainty was a Daring-class destroyer of the British Royal Navy. Ordered in 1945, she was built by J. Samuel White at their Isle of Wight shipyard, being launched in 1950 and completed in 1953.
The equestrian statue of Prince George, Duke of Cambridge is a life-size memorial by Adrian Jones, installed in Whitehall, London.
Somers is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Flathead County, Montana, United States. The population was 1,109 at the 2010 census, up from 556 at the 2000 census.
Swimmer's itch or cercarial dermatitis, is a short-term allergic immune reaction occurring in the skin of humans that have been infected by water-borne schistosomes. Symptoms, which include itchy, raised papules, commonly occur within 1–2 days of infection and do not generally last more than 2–3 weeks. However, people repeatedly exposed to cercariae develop heavier symptoms with faster onset. Cercarial dermatitis is common in freshwater, brackish and marine habitats worldwide. Incidence may be on the rise, although this may also be attributed to better monitoring. Nevertheless, the condition has been regarded as emerging infectious disease.
Caterina Valente is an Italian multilingual singer, guitarist, dancer, and actress. Valente is a polyglot; she speaks six languages, and sings in eleven. While she is best-known as an international performer, Valente also spent part of her career in the United States, where she performed alongside Bing Crosby, Dean Martin, Perry Como, and Ella Fitzgerald, among others.
Misiones is one of the provinces of Argentina. It is in the northeastern corner of the country. Paraguay is to the northwest. Brazil is to the north, east and south. There are 965,522 people living in Misiones. Iguazú National Park is here.
Dali is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 176 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 2008. Dali is named for the Spanish painter Salvador Dalí, who lived from 1904 to 1989.
"The M2 4.2-inch mortar was a U.S. rifled 4.2-inch mortar used during the Second World War and the Korean War. It entered service in 1943. It was nicknamed the ""Goon Gun"" or the ""Four-Deuce"". In 1951 it began to be phased out in favor of the M30 mortar of the same caliber."
Estaràs is a village in the province of Lleida and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.
Farø is an island in Denmark, located between the islands Sjælland and Falster. It has an area of 0.93 km² and has a population of four people. Administratively it is part of Vordingborg Municipality.
South Holland is a village and south suburb of Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, United States, within Thornton Township. The population was 22,030 at the 2010 census.
HM Prison Reading, formerly known as Reading Gaol, was a former prison located in Reading, Berkshire, England. The prison was operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service until its closure at the start of 2014. It is a Grade II listed building.
In Nacht und Eis, also called Der Untergang der Titanic and Shipwrecked in Icebergs in the U.S., is a 1912 German adventure-disaster drama film about the sinking of Titanic. The filming began in May 1912, and the film premiered in August 1912.
Albert Leo Schlageter was a member of the German Freikorps. Schlageter sabotaged a section of railroad track in the region of Germany that was under French occupation after World War I. He was arrested and executed by the French military. This led the German nationalists to proclaim him a hero. The manner of his death fostered an aura of martyrdom around him, which was cultivated by German nationalist groups, in particular the Nazi Party. During the Third Reich, he was widely commemorated as a national hero.
The Lucky Devil is a 1925 American silent comedy drama film, also known as Lucky Devil, directed by Frank Tuttle, and released by Paramount Pictures.
Shichinohe is a town located in Aomori Prefecture, Japan. As of 1 April 2020, the town had an estimated population of 15,286, and a population density of 45 persons per km², in 6,797 households. The total area of the town is 337.23 square kilometers.
Saint-Cernin-de-Larche is a commune in the Corrèze department in central France.
Niederlangen is a municipality in the Emsland district, in Lower Saxony, Germany.
The Charente is a river in southwestern France that flows through the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Two departments, Charente and Charente-Maritime, are named after the river.
"Virginia Gentleman is a brand of bourbon whiskey distilled in Kentucky and re-distilled in Virginia. The brand's motto was ""The Aristocrat of Them All""."
The BSE, formerly known as the Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd., is an Indian stock exchange located at Dalal Street, Mumbai.
The AIFV is a US tracked light armored vehicle that serves as an infantry fighting vehicle in the armies of several countries. It is a development of the M113A1 armored personnel carrier.
NGC 3741 is an irregular galaxy in the constellation Ursa Major. It was discovered by John Herschel on March 19, 1828.
Zdenko Kožul is a Croatian chess player. He holds the title of Grandmaster and was the 2006 European champion.
Yoshiko Okada was a Japanese film and stage actress who was most famous for her defection to the Soviet Union.
The Class EF510 is a Bo-Bo-Bo wheel arrangement multi-voltage AC/DC electric locomotive type operated by JR Freight and East Japan Railway Company in Japan since 2002. As of 1 April 2016, the fleet consists of 38 locomotives, all based at Toyama Depot.
Partington railway station was situated on the Cheshire Lines Committee route between Warrington and Stockport. It served the locality between 1874 and 1964.
José Solís Ruiz was a Spanish politician, known for his role in Francoist Spain, during which he occupied a number of important posts.
Jonathan Rush is a Namibian fencer who competed in the 2013 World Fencing Championships held at Budapest, Hungary from 5–12 August; and in the 2013 African Championships held in Cape Town, South Africa.
Jhansi Junction is a major railway junction in the city of Jhansi in Bundelkhand region of Uttar Pradesh. It is one of the busiest and largest railway stations in India. It is a major intercity hub and a technical stoppage for many superfast trains in India. Jhansi has its own division in the North Central Railway zone of Indian Railways. It lies on the main Delhi-Chennai and Delhi-Mumbai line. The station code is JHS. The Station Director is Girish Kanchan. Vivaan Solar, a Gwalior based company has won contract to install a total of 1.5 MW rooftop solar power project at the wagon repair workshop of Jhansi Junction railway station. The company will install rooftop solar panels on production sheds and service buildings of the complex.
Petite Terre Islands National Nature Reserve is a reserve of the Petite Terre Islands in Guadeloupe. The reserve was established by Decree No. 98-801 of 3 September 1998 as the nature reserve for the islands of Petite Terre. It covers an area of about 990 hectares, which is demarcated by five points fixed with buoys, and includes a land area of 148.6 hectares with the balance as sea area.
The Advocate is the local daily newspaper of Newark, Ohio, serving the general Licking County region. It has been part of the Gannett family of newspapers and periodicals since 2000.
McCormick County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located at McCormick in McCormick County, South Carolina. It was designed by architect G. Lloyd Preacher and built in 1923. It is a two-story, Classical Revival style brick building. It features a large two-story portico with Doric order columns and pilasters.
Saint-Gilles-les-Bois is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Ightham is a village in Kent, England, located approximately four miles east of Sevenoaks and six miles north of Tonbridge. The parish includes the hamlet of Ivy Hatch.
"The Omaha, Lincoln and Beatrice Railway, ""The Big Red Line"", was founded in 1903 as an attempt to carry passengers between the three Nebraska cities. Although it never extended outside Lincoln, the OL&B currently exists as a Class III switching railroad in Lincoln. It has been owned by NEBCO, Inc. since 1929."
Hugh Arnold was born in Wimbledon, the son of a solicitor. Arnold was educated at the Slade School of Fine Art before attending the London County Council Central School of Arts and Crafts where he studied under Christopher Whall from 1989 to 1903. He designed stained glass windows for James Powell & Sons and also did some independent work. While an officer in the Northumberland Fusiliers, Arnold died on active service at Gallipoli in 1915.
West Manheim Township is a township in York County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 7,744 at the 2010 census.
Carlina acaulis, the stemless carline thistle, dwarf carline thistle, or silver thistle, is a perennial dicotyledonous flowering plant in the family Asteraceae, native to alpine regions of central and southern Europe. The specific name acaulis and common names are descriptive of the manner in which its flower head rests directly upon a basal leaf rosette.
Leyton was a local government district in southwest Essex, England, from 1873 to 1965. It included the neighbourhoods of Leyton, Leytonstone and Cann Hall. It was suburban to London, forming part of the London postal district and Metropolitan Police District. It now forms the southernmost part of the London Borough of Waltham Forest in Greater London.
Charles Thorp, FRS was an English churchman, rector of the parish of Ryton and, later, Archdeacon of Durham and the first warden of the University of Durham.
The First Christian Church in Junction City, Kentucky is a historic church at the junction of Shelby and Cemetery Streets. It was built in 1932 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
The 2008 United States Senate elections were held on November 4, 2008, with 35 of the 100 seats in the Senate being contested. Thirty-three seats were up for regular elections; the winners were eligible to serve six-year terms from January 3, 2009 to January 3, 2015, as members of Class 2. There were also two special elections, the winners of those seats would finish the terms that ended January 3, 2013.
Poplar Island is a 3-mile-long island located on the Chesapeake Bay, part of Talbot County, Maryland.
Cédrick Desjardins is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing with Jonquière Marquis in the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey. He has previously played with the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League.
Isolotto della Maddalena Lighthouse is an active lighthouse located on a small islet, 84 metres long, placed 800 metres north of the south mole of the Port of Alghero on the Sea of Sardinia.
The Rue de la Bourse is a street located mainly in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon, and also in the 1st arrondissement. It starts on the Place des Cordeliers, in the 2nd arrondissement, in front of the Église Saint-Bonaventure, and ends at right angles to the Rue du Bât-d'Argent, beyond which it is extended by the Rue du Garet.
The New Hope Baptist Church at 1202 S. Sheppard Street in Chickasha, Oklahoma is a historic Baptist church building. It was built in 1939 and added to the National Register in 2003.
Mills County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2010 census, the population was 15,059. The county seat is Glenwood. The county was formed in 1851 and named for Major Frederick Mills of Burlington, Iowa who was killed at the Battle of Churubusco during the Mexican–American War.
Burton Latimer is a town in Northamptonshire, England, with a population in 2011 of 7,449.
Dualla is a village near Cashel in Ireland in County Tipperary on the R691. A number of small housing estates have been built in the area in recent years adding to the few scattered houses along the road and parish church that constituted the village. Dualla National School began educating pupils in May 1861 and officially opened a new school in June 2012.
Soest is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is the capital of the Soest district.
Polvijärvi is a municipality of Finland.
St Michael's Church is in St Michael's Road, Ditton, Widnes, Halton, Cheshire, England. It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building. It is an active Roman Catholic church.
Steve Kirit is an American professional strongman competitor. Steve is a 2-time winner of America's Strongest Man. Steve competed twice in the Arnold Strongman Classic, finishing 5th in 2003 and 9th in 2004. Steve competed in the World's Strongest Man in 2002, 2003 and 2004. Steve trained with fellow strongman competitor Steve MacDonald. Steve finished 7th in the first IFSA World Cup Championships in 2004. Had nine 1st place victories and five 2nd-place finishes as a pro, and finished in the top 5 in the USA in 3 of the 4 U.S. Nationals he appeared in. Steve retired from professional competition in 2006.
Orme is a town in Marion County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 126 as of 2010. It is part of the Chattanooga, TN–GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Colts Neck Township is a township in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 10,142, reflecting a decline of 2,189 from the 12,331 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 3,772 from the 8,559 counted in the 1990 Census.
Registan, built 1910, was the first name for a ship serving fifty years under the later names Guantanamo, USS Guantanamo, Comerio, Vittorin, Grey Lag and finally Hai Lung until scrapping in 1960. The ship transported gunpowder and munitions during World War I as USS Guantanamo and as a cargo ship during World War II for the War Shipping Administration. After 12 October 1943 the ship was assigned to the Southwest Pacific Area command's permanent local fleet as the United States Army transport Grey Lag with that fleet's number X-101. In April 1945 she was one of the transports towing large barges from Australia and New Guinea to the Philippines after that concept to mitigate shipping shortages had been proven feasible. In 1946 the ship was sold to the Republic of China and renamed Hai Lung.
Typhoon Hagupit, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Nina, was a powerful cyclone that caused widespread destruction along its path in September 2008. The 21st depression, 14 tropical storm and 10th typhoon of the 2008 Pacific typhoon season, Hagupit developed from a tropical wave located a couple hundred miles east of the Marshall Islands on September 14th. Moving generally north-west westwards towards the Philippines, the depression gradually intensified into a tropical storm the following day, and then into became a typhoon on September 22 off the northern coast of Luzon. Located within an environment conducive for strengthening, Hagupit rapidly strengthened to attain 10-min sustained winds of 165 km/h and 1-min sustained winds of 230 km/h. After making landfall in Guangdong province in China at peak intensity on September 23, Hagupit rapidly weakened over rugged terrain and dissipated on the 25th.
Karl Mattias Lindström is a Swedish professional footballer who plays for Ödåkra IF as a midfielder.
Sonada is a census town in the Jorebunglow Sukhiapokhri CD block in the Darjeeling Sadar subdivision of the Darjeeling District in West Bengal, India.
Goshenville Historic District is a national historic district located in East Goshen Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania. It encompasses 11 contributing buildings, 2 contributing sites, and 2 contributing structures in the crossroads village of Goshenville. They date to the 18th and 19th century, and are reflective of a number of popular architectural styles including Greek Revival. They include residences, farmhouses, a tenant house, Goshen Friends Meetinghouse and burial ground, Hicksite Meetinghouse and burial ground, a general store and post office, and a blacksmith / wheelwright shop.
The Victoria Integrated Care Centre is a health facility in Helensburgh, Scotland. It is managed by NHS Highland.
Mardn is a city in the Mardan District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province, Pakistan. Located in the Valley of Peshawar, Mardan is the second-largest city of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, after Peshawar and 23rd largest city of Pakistan by population. Mardan is also the namesake and largest city of Mardan Division.
Råne River is a river in Sweden.
Brian Baker is an American punk rock musician. He is best known as one of the founding members of the hardcore punk band Minor Threat, and as a guitarist in Bad Religion since 1994. In Minor Threat, he originally played bass guitar before switching to guitar in 1982 when Steve Hansgen joined the band, and then moved back to bass after Hansgen's departure. He also founded Dag Nasty in 1985, was part of the original line-up of Samhain, and has had stints in Doggy Style, The Meatmen, Government Issue, and Junkyard.
Wiehe is a town and a former municipality in the Kyffhäuserkreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. Since 1 January 2019, it is part of the town Roßleben-Wiehe. It is situated 24 km south of Sangerhausen, and 32 km north of Weimar.
The Holy Family Cathedral or Cathedral of Rumbek, is a religious building belonging to the Roman Catholic Church is located in the town of Rumbek, capital of Lakes State, in the African country of South Sudan, and that serves as the seat of the bishop of Rumbek.
Dovedale Baptist Church, is in Dovedale Road, Mossley Hill, Liverpool, Merseyside, England. It was an active Baptist church until 2018, and the church building is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building.
Parisian Pleasures is a 1927 French-German silent film directed by Joe Francis and starring Josephine Baker, André Luguet and Hélène Hallier. The film focuses on the Parisian nightlife of the time, showing various performances of the Jazz Age, including two by Baker, with the plot taking a backseat. The performances take place within several nightclubs in Montmartre, and feature scantily-clad exotic dancers, showgirls, and acrobats.
Emmanuel Presbyterian Church, also known as Trinity Emmanuel Presbyterian Church, is a historic Presbyterian church located at Rochester in Monroe County, New York. It is an Arts and Crafts / American Craftsman style building constructed in 1914–1915. The main, original two story block of the building is cruciform in plan with slightly longer arms at the north and south ends.
Akhmeta is a town in Kakheti and is the administrative centre of Akhmeta Municipality. It's situated on the left side of Alazani, close to the Pankisi Gorge. The town is situated at 567m. In 1966, it received the status of Kalaki.
uMhlathuze Local Municipality is an administrative area in the King Cetshwayo District Municipality of KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa. The municipality is named after the Mhlatuze River.
The Xiamen–Shenzhen railway, also known as the Xiashen railway, is a dual-track, electrified, high-speed rail line connecting the major coastal cities of Xiamen in Fujian and Shenzhen in Guangdong. The line has a total length of 502.4 km and forms part of China's Hangzhou–Fuzhou–Shenzhen passenger-dedicated railway. Construction of the Xiashen Line began on November 23, 2007, and the line entered into operation on December 28, 2013.
"Loukas Yorkas born in Aradippou, Cyprus, on 18 October 1986, is a Cypriot singer and the winner of the first season of the Greek version of the television talent series The X Factor. In September 2009 he released his first EP album, Mazi, which attained gold certification. He studies Biology at the University of Patras. Loukas Yorkas represented Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Germany along with Stereo Mike, with the song ""Watch My Dance"", placing seventh with 120 points."
Anton Buttigieg, KUOM was a Maltese political figure and poet. He served as the second President of Malta from 1976 until 1981.
Tji-in is a Buddhist temple of the Rinzai Tenry sect located in Kita Ward, Kyoto, Japan, and one of two funeral temples dedicated to Ashikaga Takauji, first shgun of the Ashikaga dynasty. Its main object of worship is Shakyamuni, and its honorary sang prefix is Mannenzan.
A total solar eclipse occurred on August 21, 1914. A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun, thereby totally or partly obscuring the image of the Sun for a viewer on Earth. A total solar eclipse occurs when the Moon's apparent diameter is larger than the Sun's, blocking all direct sunlight, turning day into darkness. Totality occurs in a narrow path across Earth's surface, with the partial solar eclipse visible over a surrounding region thousands of kilometres wide.
Daniel G. Guttfreund, Ph.D., is a Salvadoran psychologist.
FindaProperty.com, prior to a 2012 merger with Zoopla, was a commercial sales and lettings listings website for the UK consumer residential housing market. It had offices in London and Brighton and listed approximately a million properties uploaded by estate agents for a monthly fee.
"The Meade LX200 is a family of commercial telescopes produced by Meade Instruments launched in 1992 with 8"" and a 10"" Schmidt–Cassegrain models on computerized altazimuth mounts. Two larger models, a 12"" and a 16"", quickly followed. The original version was later informally named the ""classic"" LX200 as newer upgraded versions replaced it. The first of these was the LX200GPS, which featured global positioning system electronics. A 360 mm LX200GPS was later added to the line.
The Stura di Ovada is a 32.9-kilometre stream of Liguria and Piedmont; it is the main tributary of the Orba.
Abdul Rasheed Hussain is a historian, linguist and poet, and a former Minister of Cabinet of the Maldives during the Maumoon Abdul Gayoom administration.
Historic Forks of the Wabash is a historic museum park near Huntington, Indiana, that features site several historic buildings, trails and remnants of the Wabash and Erie Canal. The location was the signing location of the historic Treaty at the Forks of the Wabash in 1838. The park is located along the Wabash River. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 as the Chief Richardville House and Miami Treaty Grounds.
Ciele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olenica, within Olenica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. In 1871-1945 it was part of Germany.
Casa Grande Ruins National Monument, in Coolidge, Arizona, just northeast of the city of Casa Grande, preserves a group of Hohokam structures dating to the Classic Period.
"The Hydnaceae are a family of fungi in the order Cantharellales. Originally the family encompassed all species of fungi that produced basidiocarps having a hymenium consisting of slender, downward-hanging tapering extensions referred to as ""spines"" or ""teeth"", whether they were related or not. This artificial but often useful grouping is now more generally called the hydnoid or tooth fungi. In the strict, modern sense, the Hydnaceae are limited to the genus Hydnum and related genera, with basidiocarps having a toothed or poroid hymenium. Species in the family are ectomycorrhizal, forming a mutually beneficial relationship with the roots of trees and other plants. Hydnum repandum is an edible species, commercially collected in some countries and often marketed under the French name pied de mouton."
"The Sunbeam Rapier is an automobile produced by Rootes Group from 1955 to 1976, in two different body-styles, the ""Series"" cars and the later fastback shape, part of the ""Arrow"" range.
Childress Army Airfield is a former World War II military airfield, located 4.8 miles west of Childress, Texas. It operated as a Bombardier training school for the United States Army Air Forces from 1942 until 1945.
Le Malin was one of six Le Fantasque-class large destroyers built for the Marine Nationale during the 1930s. The ship entered service in 1935 and participated in the Second World War. When war was declared in September 1939, all of the Le Fantasques were assigned to the Force de Raid, tasked with hunting down German commerce raiders and blockade runners. Le Malin and two of her sister ships were based in Dakar, French West Africa, to patrol the Central Atlantic for several months in late 1939. They returned to Metropolitan France before the end of the year and were transferred to French Algeria in late April 1940 in case Italy decided to enter the war. Le Malin played a minor role in the Norwegian Campaign in late April. After returning to the Mediterranean, she screened French cruisers several times as they unsuccessfully hunted for Italian ships after Italy declared war in June.
Gboczek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres west of Czaplinek, 20 km east of Drawsko Pomorskie, and 101 km east of the regional capital Szczecin.
Anthela acuta, the common anthelid moth, is a moth of the family Anthelidae first described by Francis Walker in 1855. It is found in Australia.
"Katri ""Kaisa"" Vellamo Parviainen was a Finnish athlete. She competed in the javelin throw at the 1948 and 1952 Olympics and won a silver medal in 1948, finishing 16th in 1952; in 1948 she also placed 13th in the long jump."
Hormuz Island, also spelled Hormoz, is an Iranian island in the Persian Gulf. Located in the Strait of Hormuz, 8 kilometres off the Iranian coast, the island is part of Hormozgan Province. Reddish ochre on the island and its beaches, called Golak by natives, has been exploited for artistic and culinary purposes and also attracts tourists. Degradation due to overuse of the ochre has resulted in actions by the Department of Environment to protect it.
The Lincoln Aviator is a mid-size luxury SUV marketed and sold by the Lincoln brand of Ford Motor Company. One of four SUVs offered by Lincoln, the Aviator is currently in its second generation, slotted between the Lincoln Nautilus and Lincoln Navigator in size.
Lerwick is the main town and port of the Shetland Islands, Scotland. Shetland's only burgh, Lerwick had a population of about 7,000 residents in 2010.
Chinese Garden MRT station is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit station on the East West Line in Jurong East, Singapore. It primarily serves the residential estate of Yuhua, as well as the various tourist attractions in Jurong Lake, including the Chinese Garden, where the station derived its name from.
Vanessa Cozzi is a Brazilian rower. She competes in the lightweight double sculls at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Kråkstad is a village and former municipality located in Ski municipality of Akershus, Norway.
The Lancaster Post Office is located in Lancaster, Wisconsin.
William Windom was an American politician from Minnesota. He served as U.S. Representative from 1859 to 1869, and as U.S. Senator from 1870 to January 1871, from March 1871 to March 1881, and from November 1881 to 1883. He also served two non-consecutive times as Secretary of the Treasury from March to November 1881, and from 1889 to 1891, under three Presidents. He was a Republican. He was the great-grandfather of actor William Windom, who was named for him.
Anwar Bey Nuseibeh Anwar Bey Nuseibeh was a leading Palestinian who held several major posts in the Jordanian Government before Israel took control of East Jerusalem and the West Bank in the 1967 war. After the Six Day War he became one of the first Palestinians involved in contacts with Israel after it captured the Eastern part of the city and later encouraged his son, Sari Nusseibeh, to make contact with the Israelis.
The Nissan Junior was a series of medium-sized pickup trucks built from 1956 until 1982. It was introduced to fill the gap between the smaller, Datsun Bluebird based Datsun Truck, and heavier load capacity Nissans under the Nissan Diesel brand, like the 80-series trucks. After the merger with Prince Motor Company, the Junior and the Prince Miler were combined, sharing most of the characteristics, with the Junior sold at Nissan Bluebird Store Japanese dealerships, and the Miler sold at Nissan Prince Store until 1970.
Valladolid is a province of northwest Spain, in the central part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It has a population of 526,223 people in a total of 225 cities.
Bernhard Rieger was a German Prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.
Letschin is a municipality in the district of Märkisch-Oderland, in Brandenburg, Germany.
Twin Lakes is a census-designated place in McKinley County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 1,069 at the 2000 census.
Mikuni-Minato Station is an Echizen Railway Mikuni Awara Line railway station located in the city of Sakai, Fukui Prefecture, Japan.
Admiral Juan Martínez de Recalde, KOS was a Spanish Navy officer who was named admiral of the fleet and second-in-command of the Spanish Armada, and commanded the San Juan de Portugal. He was a knight of the Order of Santiago.
Velké Albrechtice is a village and municipality in Nový Jiín District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
Mike Milosh, known professionally as Milosh, is a Canadian electronic musician from Toronto, Ontario, who is currently based in Los Angeles, California.
Lancelot du Lac, also written as Launcelot and other spellings, is one of the Knights of the Round Table in the Arthurian legend where he typically figures as King Arthur's greatest companion and one of his greatest knights. In the best-known tradition, Lancelot is the orphaned son of King Ban of Benwick, raised in a fairy realm by the Lady of the Lake. He then becomes the lord of Joyous Gard, and the greatest swordsman and jouster as the knight of most martial prowess of the age – until his adulterous affair with Queen Guinevere is discovered, causing a civil war which is exploited by Mordred and brings about the end of Arthur's kingdom.
SMS Karlsruhe was a light cruiser of the Karlsruhe class built by the German Kaiserliche Marine. She had one sister ship, SMS Rostock; the ships were very similar to the previous Magdeburg-class cruisers. The ship was laid down in 1911, launched in November 1912, and completed by January 1914. Armed with twelve 10.5 cm SK L/45 guns, Karlsruhe had a top speed of 28.5 knots, which allowed her to escape from British cruisers during her career.
Žár nad Orlicí is a village and municipality in Rychnov nad Knžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
Ernestiini is a tribe of flies in the family Tachinidae.
The 1899 British Isles tour to Australia was the fourth rugby union tour by a British Isles team and the second to Australia; though the first tour in 1888 was a private venture, making the 1899 tour the first official undertaking of Australia. It is retrospectively classed as one of the British Lions tours, as the Lions naming convention was not adopted until 1950.
On 29 September 1981, an Iranian Air Force C-130 military cargo aircraft crashed into a firing range near Kahrizak, Iran. The plane was flying from Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province to Tehran, while returning from an inspection tour of Iranian military gains in the Iran–Iraq War.
Seamus Fogarty is a London-based Irish singer-songwriter, originally from County Mayo.
Maibara is a city in Shiga Prefecture, Japan.
Mady Delvaux-Stehres is a Luxembourg politician who served as a Member of the European Parliament from 2014 until 2019. She served as Minister of Transport from 1994 to 1999 and as Minister of Health, Social Security, Youth and Sport from 1989 to 1994.
Elwood is a town in Box Elder County, Utah, United States. The population was 1,034 at the 2010 census.
Zorlu Center is a multiple-use complex in the Beikta district of Istanbul, Turkey containing an upscale shopping mall, a five-star Raffles hotel and a Cinemaximum megaplex, as well as residences and offices. It is home to Zorlu PSM, the largest performing arts center in the country, as well as the country's first Apple Store.
Purús Province is one of four provinces in the Ucayali Region, in the central Amazon rainforest of Peru. The Purus River runs through it.
Langenæs Park is a public park in the Langenæs neighborhood in the Aarhus C district in Aarhus, Denmark. The park is situated west of the Frederiksbjerg neighborhood along the curved street Langenæs Allé to the south and the AArhus rail yard to the north. Langenæs Park is one of the largest parks in Aarhus and is composed of mainly landscaped lawns with trees scattered throughout along with a large section dedicated to sports. Facilities include soccer fields, a disc gold field, picnic areas and a paved running track. Langenæs Park was established in connection with the development of the Langenæs neighborhood in the 1970s and is today the primary recreational spot in the area along with Frederiksbjerg Bypark to the west and the Rehabilitation PArk to the south. The park is owned by Aarhus Municipality and is managed by the municipal department Natur og Miljø and can be rented for public events.
Lachlan Fogarty is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League. He was drafted by Geelong with their first selection and twenty-second overall in the 2017 national draft. He made his debut in the three point win against Melbourne at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in the opening round of the 2018 season.
IRIS Tabarzin is a Kaman-class fast attack craft serving in the Southern Fleet of the Islamic Republic of Iran Navy.
Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic church on Broad and Lawrence Streets in Bridgeton, Cumberland County, New Jersey, United States. It was built in 1792 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
"John Bowie ""Fergy"" Ferguson Sr. was a professional ice hockey player and executive. Ferguson played as a left-winger for the Montreal Canadiens from 1963 to 1971. After retiring from active play, he became a coach, and later a general manager. He is the father of John Ferguson Jr.."
Humaston Brook State Park is an under-developed day use state park located in the village of Northfield, Connecticut. It preserves a stretch of Humaston Brook, a tributary of the Naugatuck River. Its major feature is Northfield Pond, created by damming in the 19th century. It is commonly known by residents as Knife Shop Pond. It also includes the foundations of the former Northfield Knife Company located along the banks of the brook below the dam, which was the location of one of Litchfield's largest 19th-century employers. Activities in the park include hiking and fishing.
Sheffield City Council elections took place on 5 May 2011. There were 28 seats up for election, one third of the council. The last election left the council with no overall control. Since the previous election, Liberal Democrat councillor Ben Curran, and Lib Dem-turned-independent Frank Taylor had defected to Labour leaving both parties equal at 41 councillors each. This election saw Labour regain control of the council that they lost in 2006, with nine gains from the Lib Dems. Overall turnout was 41.8%.
The C. Donald Shane telescope is a 120-inch reflecting telescope located at the Lick Observatory in San Jose, California. It was named after astronomer C. Donald Shane in 1978, who led the effort to acquire the necessary funds from the California Legislature, and who then oversaw the telescope's construction. It is the largest and most powerful telescope at the Lick Observatory, and was the second-largest optical telescope in the world when it was commissioned in 1959.
Cape Leeuwin is the most south-westerly mainland point of the Australian continent, in the state of Western Australia.
Leirvík is a town on the Faroe Islands and was an important regional ferry harbour at the east coast of the second-largest island Eysturoy. Leirvík has 925 inhabitants.
Havelock is a city in Pocahontas County, Iowa, United States. The population was 138 at the 2010 census.
Valley Stream is a village in Nassau County, New York, United States. The population in the Village of Valley Stream was 37,511 at the 2010 census.
Vitaliy Romanyuk is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Lviv in the Ukrainian Premier League.
The Oregon Historic District is a neighborhood in Dayton, Ohio. The Oregon District includes one of the earliest surviving combinations of commercial and residential architecture in Dayton. Examples of Dayton's architectural history from 1820 to 1915 line the brick streets and lanes in this 12 square block area. Styles range from Federal to Queen Anne. Excellent examples of late Victorian commercial and residential architecture illustrate both the entrepreneurial success and the increasing affluence of many Oregon merchants and residents. The district is populated with art galleries, specialty shops, pubs, nightclubs, and coffee houses.
Ridge Spring is a town in Saluda County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 737 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Augusta-Richmond Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Fort Frontenac was a French trading post and military fort built in July 1673 at the mouth of the Cataraqui River where the St. Lawrence River leaves Lake Ontario, in a location traditionally known as Cataraqui. It is the present-day location of Kingston, Ontario, Canada. The original fort, a crude, wooden palisade structure, was called Fort Cataraqui but was later named for Louis de Buade de Frontenac, Governor of New France who was responsible for building the fort. It was abandoned and razed in 1689, then rebuilt in 1695.
Andre Barreau is a former member of The Bootleg Beatles, in which he played George Harrison from March 1980, when the group was formed, until 2014.
The Technical University of Liberec is a university in the city of Liberec, Czech Republic. The university has undergone great transformation in its over sixty-year history. When it was founded, it was called the Institute of Mechanical Engineering in Liberec, and its original classrooms were located in the attics of the F. X. Šalda Grammar School. These later served as accommodation for teachers, and it was here that the first plans and ideas arose concerning the later form and direction of the college. The first 259 students were admitted on October 1, 1953.
Marquis of Valença was a Portuguese title of nobility granted by royal decree of King Afonso V of Portugal, dated from October 11, 1451, to Dom Afonso of Braganza, who already was 4th Count of Ourém. It is the 1st Marquis title in Portugal.
The Nevada Legislature is a bicameral body, consisting of the lower house, the Assembly, with 42 members, and the upper house, the Senate, with 21. With a total of 63 seats, the Legislature is the third-smallest bicameral state legislature in the United States, after Alaska's and Delaware's. The Nevada State Legislature as of 2019 is the first majority female State Legislature in the history of the United States. The Democratic Party currently controls both houses of the Nevada State Legislature.
Archduke Peter Ferdinand of Austria, Prince of Hungary and Bohemia, Prince of Tuscany was an Austro-Hungarian archduke and an army commander in the Austro-Hungarian Army during World War I. He was also the titular Grand Duke of Tuscany from 2 May 1921 to 8 November 1948.
Flciu is a commune in Vaslui County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Bogdneti, Bozia, Copceana, Flciu, Odaia Bogdana and Rânzeti.
The Sinclair ZX80 is a home computer launched on 29 January 1980 by Science of Cambridge Ltd. It is notable for being one of the first computers available in the United Kingdom for less than a hundred pounds. It was available in kit form for £79.95, where purchasers had to assemble and solder it together, and as a ready-built version at £99.95. The ZX80 was very popular straight away, and for some time there was a waiting list of several months for either version of the machine.
The New Zealand St. Leger is a major thoroughbred horse race run at Trentham Racecourse in New Zealand on New Zealand Oaks day in March each year. Run over 2500m up until 2018 and 2600m from 2019 onward, it is a test of a horse's staying ability.
Lurago Marinone is a comune in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy. The comune is located about 30 kilometres northwest of Milan and about 15 kilometres southwest of Como.
David Stone was the 15th governor of the U.S. state of North Carolina from 1808 to 1810. Both before and after his term as governor, he served as a U.S. senator, between 1801 and 1807 and between 1813 and 1814.
"Universal Studios Florida is a theme park and production studio located in Orlando, Florida. Opened on June 7, 1990, the park's theme is the entertainment industry, in particular movies and television. The park encourages its guests to ""ride the movies"" and features numerous attractions and live shows. It is a component of the larger Universal Orlando Resort. The park hosted an estimated 10.2 million visitors in 2017, ranking it as the sixth most attended theme park in the United States and the ninth most attended theme park worldwide."
Feijenoord, not to be confused with the Feijenoord neighbourhood is a district in Rotterdam and is located south of the Nieuwe Maas. As of 1 January 2004 there were 72,320 inhabitants. The area is 6.44 km². It is not the home of the city's main football club, Feyenoord, which is situated in the neighbouring township of IJsselmonde.
Nanshan station is a station on Line 11 of the Shenzhen Metro. The station is located under the intersection of Nanshan Boulevard, Guimiao Road and Binhai Boulevard.
Sherman is a town in Chautauqua County, New York, United States. It is an interior town in the county, west of Chautauqua Lake. As of the 2010 census, the town population was 1,653. The town contains the village of Sherman.
Bru is an island in Stavanger municipality in Rogaland county, Norway. The 3-square-kilometre island lies south of the Boknafjorden, just off the coast of the Stavanger Peninsula, along the Byfjorden. The highest point on the island is the 92-metre tall mountain, Brufjellet. The island sits in a group of islands with Sokn and Mosterøy to the north and Åmøy to the east.
Nikolay Valerianovich Muraviev or Muravyov was an Imperial Russian politician, nephew of the famed Count Nikolay Muravyov-Amursky, explorer and Governor General of the Russian Far East.
Charonia lampas is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Charoniidae.
Iinan is a town located in Iishi District, Shimane Prefecture, Japan.
Bjørnøya is a populated island in Ålesund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. It lies in the Vigrafjorden, between the island of Vigra to the west and the Norwegian mainland to the east. It is connected to the Norwegian mainland through a man-made causeway. The nearest larger village on the mainland is Søvik. To the east of the Bjørnøya lies the island of Terøya. The two islands are separated by the Bjørnøysundet. The island was part of the former municipality of Borgund until 1965 when it joined Haram Municipality. In 2020, it became part of Ålesund Municipality.
The Airport Circle is a traffic circle in Pennsauken Township, New Jersey, United States. It is located at the intersection of Route 38, U.S. Route 30, and US 130, close to the Camden border. South of the circle, US 30 and US 130 run concurrently until they reach the former Collingswood Circle in Collingswood. The Airport Circle opened in 1927 and is the first of is kind in the United States. It is named for Camden Central Airport whose terminal building was located beside the circle, to the south-east. The circle has been modified to include traffic lights and ramps to help move traffic through.
Barbuise is a commune in the Aube department in the Grand Est region of north-central France.
Bruce Carman Shorts was an American football player and coach. He played as a tackle at the University of Michigan from 1900 to 1901. Shorts served as the head football coach at the Nevada State University—now known as the University of Nevada, Reno—in 1904 and at the University of Oregon in 1905.
The Zion Lutheran Church is a church located in downtown Portland, Oregon, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Deltamethrin is a pyrethroid ester insecticide.
Alasdair Óg Mac Domhnaill was Lord of Islay and chief of Clann Domhnaill. He was the eldest son of Aonghus Mór mac Domhnaill, Lord of Islay. Alasdair Óg seems to first appear on record in 1264, when he was held as a hostage of the Scottish Crown for his father's good behaviour. During Alasdair Óg's career, the Scottish realm endured a succession crisis as a result of the unexpected death of Margaret, Maid of Norway, heir to the Scottish throne, in 1290. One of several factions that staked a claim to the throne was the Bruce kindred. Both Alasdair Óg and his father were cosignatories of the Turnberry Band, a pact that may have partly concerned the Bruces' royal aspirations.
Passalus interruptus is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.
Mohinder Singh Randhawa or M. S. Randhawa was a Punjabi civil servant, botanist, historian, art and culture promoter and prominent writer. He played major roles in the establishment of agricultural research in India, the Green Revolution in India, resettling Punjabis uprooted by Partition as the Director-General of Rehabilitation, establishing the city of Chandigarh and documenting the arts of Punjab, the history of agriculture in India. A biographer, Gulzar Singh Sandhu, gave him the sobriquet Punjab da Chhewan Dariya, the sixth river of Punjab.
Greenwich Township is a township in Warren County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the township's population was 5,712, reflecting an increase of 1,347 from the 4,365 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 2,466 from the 1,899 counted in the 1990 Census. The township is located in the far eastern region of the Lehigh Valley.
Glasslands Gallery was a music venue, dance club and art space in Williamsburg, Brooklyn founded by Brooke Baxter and Rolyn Hu. Hu and Baxter owned and ran GlassLands from 2006-2012. In 2012 they made a turn key sale to Rami Haykal and Jake Rosenthal. Rosenthal and Haykal ran the space for two years until the venue was converted into Vice Media's office headquarters. As a concert venue, it was one of the longest-running of several experimental and DIY spaces in the vicinity of the Williamsburg waterfront, which included Death By Audio, Secret Project Robot, Monster Island and 285 Kent.
Barnstead is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 4,593 at the 2010 census. Home to the Suncook Lakes, Barnstead includes the villages of Center Barnstead, Barnstead Parade and South Barnstead.
The crimson-mantled woodpecker is a bird species in the woodpecker family. It was formerly placed in the genus Piculus but moved to the genus Colaptes after mitochondrial DNA sequencing. Its scientific name, rivolii, honors French ornithologist François Victor Masséna, second Duke of Rivoli and third Prince of Essling.
The Rodovia Luiz de Queirós is a highway in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.
Merrickville–Wolford is a village-status municipality in Eastern Ontario, Canada, located in the United Counties of Leeds and Grenville. It spans both shores of the Rideau River.
Naganuma Futopia Park is a park in Hasamachokitakata in Tome, Miyagi, Japan.
Artillery are a Danish thrash metal band. They participated in the early development of the genre, and their highly energetic, riff-centric and often fast-paced music is similar in style to that of Voivod, Coroner, Megadeth and Sabbat from the same era. After releasing three full-length albums and touring extensively throughout the 1980s and early 1990s, Artillery disbanded in 1991, but reunited seven years later, only to disband once again in 2000. However, they reformed again in 2007 and are still together today.
Robbins Pond is a 124-acre warm water pond in East Bridgewater and Halifax, Massachusetts. It is part of the Taunton River Watershed. The inflow is Poor Meadow Brook, and the outflow is the Satucket River.The water is brown in color with a transparency of five feet, and the bottom is a mixture of sand and gravel. Average depth is four feet and maximum depth is just ten feet. There are 1.7 miles of shoreline.
Leptopelis flavomaculatus is a species of frog in the family Arthroleptidae. It is found in the lowlands eastern and southern Africa, from Mozambique north of the Save River and Zimbabwe to Malawi, eastern Tanzania, and coastal Kenya. Its common names are yellow-spotted tree frog, brown-backed tree frog, brown forest treefrog, and Johnston's treefrog.
Hepoxilins are a set of epoxyalcohol metabolites of polyunsaturated fatty acids, i.e. they possess both an epoxide and an alcohol residue. HxA3, HxB3, and their non-enzymatically formed isomers are nonclassic eicosanoid derived from acid the, arachidonic acid. A second group of less well studied hepoxilins, HxA4, HxB4, and their non-enzymatically formed isomers are nonclassical eicosanoids derived from the PUFA, eicosapentaenoic acid. Recently, 14,15-HxA3 and 14,15-HxB3 have been defined as arachidonic acid derivatives that are produced by a different metabolic pathway than HxA3, HxB3, HxA4, or HxB4 and differ from the aforementioned hepoxilins in the positions of their hydroxyl and epoxide residues. Finally, hepoxilin-like products of two other PUFAs, docosahexaenoic acid and linoleic acid, have been described. All of these epoxyalcohol metabolites are at least somewhat unstable and are readily enzymatically or non-enzymatically to their corresponding trihydroxy counterparts, the trioxilins. HxA3 and HxB3, in particular, are being rapidly metabolized to TrXA3, TrXB3, and TrXC3.
Umarkot Shiv Mandir is a Hindu temple situated in Umarkot, Near Rana Jaageer Goth, in Sindh, Pakistan.This temple is perhaps the oldest in Sindh.The temple is one of the most sacred Hindu place of worship in the Sindh
Montgon is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.
Mikki Isle is a Japanese Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. After winning two of his three starts as a juvenile he emerged as a top-class performer in 2014 when his wins included the Nikkan Sports Sho Shinzan Kinen, Arlington Cup, NHK Mile Cup and Swan Stakes. He failed to win as four-year-old but ran well in defeat in major races such as the Takamatsunomiya Kinen and the Sprinters Stakes. He reached his peak in 2016 when he won the Hankyu Hai and ran second in both the Takamatsunomiya Kinen and the Sprinters Stakes before recording his biggest win in the Mile Championship. At the end of the year he took the JRA Award for Best Sprinter or Miler. He was a front-running racehorse and was often vulnerable to fast-finishing opponents.
Falcón State is one of the 23 states that constitute Venezuela. The state capital is Coro.
Lake O’ the Pines is a reservoir on Big Cypress Bayou, also known as Big Cypress Creek, chiefly in Marion County, Texas, USA. The reservoir also occupies a small part of Upshur and Morris Counties. The dam is located approximately 8.5 miles west of Jefferson.
The Museo nazionale della Valcamonica is an archaeological museum located in the town of Cividate Camuno, which has a collection of Roman-period finds from various excavations which took place mostly in the 17th century in Val Camonica.
"Elizaveta Nikolaevna Zvantseva was a Russian painter and art instructor who founded ""the most progressive art school in pre-1917 Russia"". Among alumni of the school were Marc Chagall, Elena Guro, and Margarita Woloschin."
Pin is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Lochen is a municipality in the district of Braunau am Inn in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.
The Lucy Show is an American sitcom that aired on CBS from 1962 to 1968. It was Lucille Ball's follow-up to I Love Lucy. A significant change in cast and premise for the fourth season divides the program into two distinct eras; aside from Ball, only Gale Gordon, who joined the program for its second season, remained. For the first three seasons, Vivian Vance was the co-star.
Sami Aittokallio is a Finnish professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for Ässät of the Liiga. He has formerly played with the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League
Brigadier General Charles Henry Jeffries Brown DSO was a New Zealand Military Forces officer who served in the First World War, firstly in the Gallipoli Campaign and then on the Western Front. He was commander of the 1st Infantry Brigade from February 1917 until he was killed by artillery fire on 8 June 1917, one of three New Zealand brigadier generals who died during the war.
Durham Motorway Services are located at junction 61 on the A1. Located six miles from Durham City in between the villages of Bowburn and Coxhoe in County Durham. Opened in 1994 by David Bellamy. The site operates high street brands such as McDonald's, Costa Coffee, WHSmith and on site hotel Days Inn. In 2019, the site opened a McDonald's Drive Thru, the first on the UK motorway network and created an extra 20 jobs in team members, management and customer service.
Cyclone Static is an American punk rock band from New Jersey.
The Ducati Supermono is a lightweight, single-cylinder racing motorcycle made by Ducati and named after the Supermono racing class. 65 Supermonos were built by Ducati between 1993 and 1995.
Lonesome Lake Peak, also known as Lonesome Peak, at 11,302 feet above sea level is a peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County. The peak is located 2.07 mi south-southeast of D. O. Lee Peak, its line parent. It is the 68th highest peak in Idaho and rises above the west side of Lonesome Lake, the uppermost of the Boulder Chain Lakes.
On the Guarding of the Heart for chamber orchestra is the most known instrumental work by Serbian-Swedish composer Djuro Zivkovic. The work was commissioned by the Klangforum Wien, written in 2011, and premiered on 14 November 2011 in the Terazije Theatre, Belgrade, during the International Composers' Festival held that year. The conductor for the premiere was Clement Power conducting the Klangforum Wien. The piece has received the world's largest prize for musical composition the Grawemeyer Award in 2014. Since its premiere, despite the complexity of the work, the piece was performed around the world more than 40 times. The music is composed during July–October 2011, partly in Gagnef and in Stockholm.
Dingestow Station was a station on the Coleford, Monmouth, Usk and Pontypool Railway. It was built in 1857 during the construction of the line and was located 3 miles and 32 chains from Monmouth Troy. It was intended to serve the nearby village of Dingestow. It was closed in May 1955 due to a drivers' strike.
Nachman Syrkin was a political theorist, founder of Labour Zionism and a prolific writer in the Hebrew, Yiddish, Russian, German and English languages.
The Battle of Alcoraz took place in 1096 outside Huesca, pitting the besieging forces of Peter I of Aragon and Navarre against the relief forces of Al-Musta'in II of Zaragoza.
On September 8, 1935, United States Senator Huey P. Long was mortally wounded at the Louisiana State Capitol in Baton Rouge. He was pronounced dead at 4:10 a.m. on September 10, 31 hours after being shot. His death prevented a possible 1936 presidential bid against incumbent Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Antiskeptic is a rock band based in Melbourne, Australia. The band has enjoyed over ten years of successful touring nationally, releasing three full-length albums, three EPs and two DVDs. The band have toured with many successful groups, including Midnight Oil, Jimmy Eat World, Unwritten Law, Millencolin, MxPx, Jebediah, Bodyjar and Dashboard Confessional. Antiskeptic are known for their energetic live shows and powerful performances as much as the uplifting and encouraging lyrical content of their songs.
Griselda is a dramma per musica in three acts that was composed by Antonio Vivaldi. The opera uses a revised version of the 1701 Italian libretto by Apostolo Zeno that was based on Giovanni Boccaccio's The Decameron. The celebrated Venetian playwright Carlo Goldoni was hired to adapt the libretto for Vivaldi. The opera was first performed in Venice at the Teatro San Samuele on 18 May 1735.
John Scott was an American lawyer and Republican party politician. He served in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and represented Pennsylvania in the United States Senate.
Gelsa is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, comarca of Ribera Baja del Ebro, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census, the municipality has a population of 1,216 inhabitants.
Vierendrra Lalit is an Indian-born cinematographer and film director. He has worked in Bollywood, Tollywood and Malaysian Cinema. He owns two film production companies called Roop Chitra Visual and Roop Chitra Films.
Brémontier-Merval is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
The Cathedral of Syracuse, formally the Cattedrale metropolitana della Natività di Maria Santissima, is an ancient Catholic church in Syracuse, Sicily, the seat of the Catholic Archdiocese of Siracusa. Its structure is originally a Greek doric temple, and for this reason it is included in a UNESCO World Heritage Site designated in 2005.
Marco Antonio Adame Castillo is a Mexican politician, medical doctor, and member of the National Action Party. He served as governor of Morelos for the term of 2006—2012.
Edificio Luis Guevara Arias is a cruiseship shape building. This construction, located between Errázuriz Avenue and Blanco Street in Valparaíso, was the residence of textile tycoon Luis Guevara Arias; it was built between 1881 & 1883 years. It was abandoned for many years, several establishment have was there without luck. In 1994, it was declared a National Monument by the Consejo de Monumentos Nacionales.
"Midwest Steel & Iron Works was a metal fabrication company based in Denver, Colorado. Founded in 1893, the company was known for a time as the Jackson-Richter Iron Works. The company was one of the ""oldest and largest metal fabricators"" in Denver. The company built both structural and ornamental components for structures throughout Colorado, Wyoming and New Mexico. The company's headquarters on Larimer Street in Denver includes an Art Deco office building and consists of a four-building complex that is itself considered a historic industrial site. The complex served as the company's headquarters from 1923 to 1983.
Mark Adrian Kingsmill is an Australian rock musician. He has drummed with several bands including the Hitmen, New Christs, the Screaming Tribesmen and Hoodoo Gurus. He is the older brother of Richard Kingsmill, music director and presenter on Triple J.
Michael Pinnella is a keyboard player, most notably for the band Symphony X. He has released two solo albums, titled Enter By the Twelfth Gate and Ascension, of mostly instrumental, classical-styled progressive metal. Michael is one of two Symphony X members to appear on all nine of the band's albums.
Unín is a village and municipality in Brno-Country District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
"Swallow Falls State Park is a public recreation area located on the west bank of the Youghiogheny River nine miles northwest of Oakland in Garrett County, Maryland, in the United States. The state park features Maryland's highest free-falling waterfall, the 53-foot Muddy Creek Falls, as well as smaller waterfalls on the Youghiogheny River and Tolivar Creek. The park is notable for its stand of old hemlock trees, some more than 300 years old, ""the last stand of its kind in Maryland."""
Otterthal is a municipality in the Industrieviertel of Lower Austria, Austria. 61.72 percent of the municipality is forested. There are 25 agricultural companies. 266 persons are employed. The activity rate was 48.31%.
"Rhinoceros is a genus comprising one-horned rhinoceroses. This scientific name was proposed by Carl Linnaeus in 1758. The genus contains two species, the Indian rhinoceros and the Javan rhinoceros. Although both members are endangered, the Javan rhinoceros is one of the most endangered large mammals in the world with only 60 individuals surviving in Java. A fossil jawbone of an extinct species, Rhinoceros philippinensis, was found in the Philippines. The word 'rhinoceros' is of Greek origin meaning ""nose-horn""."
Kingsbridge railway station was the terminus station of the single track branch GWR line from Brent to the town of Kingsbridge.
Benjamin Hart was a Canadian businessman, militia officer, and justice of the peace.
Saint John's Episcopal Church is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument located in the Wilmington section of Los Angeles, California, near the Port of Los Angeles. Built in 1883, it is the oldest church building in the harbor area that is still used for regular worship services. It was moved to its present site in 1943.
Nara Station is a railway station located in Nara, Japan. Operated by West Japan Railway Company, it is the main stop in the city of Nara on the Kansai Main Line, the terminus for the Sakurai Line, and Nara Line trains for Kyoto begin here and run on the Kansai Line to Kizu before diverging. Also, a limited number of Gakkentoshi Line trains terminate here via Kizu during early mornings and late nights.
Saint Barbara Catholic Church also known as Santa Barbara Catholic Church and Akosombo Catholic Church is a small church situated at one of the highest points in Akosombo, Ghana, overlooking the dam. It was constructed in September 1962 by Impregilo SPA in 21 days. It was built as a place of worship by the staff of Impregilo during the building of the Akosombo Dam. Subsequently, a memorial plaque was placed in the church to honor the 28 staff of Impregilo SPA who died building the dam.
Kiowa National Grassland is a National Grassland, located in northeastern New Mexico. The southwestern Great Plains grassland includes prairie and part of the Canadian River Canyon.
The Bahia Palace is a late 19th-century palace in Marrakesh, Morocco. The palace was first begun by Si Musa, grand vizier of Alaouite sultan Muhammad ibn Abd al-Rahman, in 1859 and then continued and expanded by his son Si Ba Ahmed ibn Musa, grand vizier of Sultan Moulay Abdelaziz between 1894 and 1900. Today it is a well-known historic monument and tourist attraction in the city.
Teresa Ganzel is an American television, film and voice actress.
"Amy Elizabeth Macdonald is a Scottish singer-songwriter, guitarist, and musician. She has sold over 12 million records worldwide. Macdonald released her debut album, This Is the Life, in 2007. The singles ""Mr. Rock & Roll"" and ""This Is the Life"" from it were chart hits. The latter charted at number one in six countries, while reaching the top 10 in another 11 countries. The album reached number one in four European countries – the United Kingdom, Denmark, the Netherlands and Switzerland – and sold three million copies worldwide. Moderate success in the American music market followed in 2008. She was a guest on shows such as The Ellen DeGeneres Show and The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson, where she performed two singles from the album, and This Is the Life reached number 92 on the Billboard 200.
Lennestadt lies in the Sauerland in southeast North Rhine-Westphalia and is a community in Olpe district. It is the district's most populous municipality.
Lipa is a village in Rapla Parish, Rapla County in northwestern Estonia. Between 1991–2017 the village was located in Raikküla Parish.
Nicolas de Jong is a Dutch-French professional basketball player for Élan Béarnais Pau-Lacq-Orthez of the LNB Pro A. Standing at 6 ft 11 in, de Jong usually plays as center.
"Click beetle is the common name for beetles in the family Elateridae. They are also called elaters, snapping beetles, spring beetles or skipjacks. These beetles can be found almost anywhere on Earth. They have the unusual ability to flick themselves into the air. When they do this, they make a ""clicking"" sound. The beetle does this by flexing the joint between sections of the thorax, where there is a spine on one side of the joint and a groove on the other. The peg is snapped into the groove. This makes a ""click"" that flicks the beetle into the air. If it lands on its back, then it repeats the click until it lands on its legs. Clicking is mainly used to escape from predators. The click can make it jump between 15 and 30 centimetres into the air.
The kidnapping of Aldo Moro, also referred in Italy as Moro Case, was a seminal event in Italian political history.
44 Court Street in Windsor, Connecticut is a well-preserved Italianate brick duplex. Built in 1876, it is one a few buildings of this type left in the town. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is currently the home of Court Street Financial Services.
Waymart is a borough in Wayne County, Pennsylvania. The borough's population was 1,341 at the time of the 2010 United States Census.
Hurricane Gert was a large tropical cyclone that caused extensive flooding and mudslides throughout Central America and Mexico in September 1993. The seventh named storm and third hurricane of the annual hurricane season, Gert originated as a tropical depression from a tropical wave over the southwestern Caribbean Sea on September 14. The next day, the cyclone briefly attained tropical storm strength before moving ashore in Nicaragua and proceeding through Honduras. It reorganized into a tropical storm over the Gulf of Honduras on September 17, but weakened back to a depression upon crossing the Yucatán Peninsula. Once over the warm waters of the Bay of Campeche, Gert quickly strengthened into a Category 2 hurricane by September 20. The hurricane made a final landfall on the Gulf Coast of Mexico near Tuxpan, Veracruz, with peak winds of 100 mph. The rugged terrain disrupted the cyclone's structure; Gert entered the Pacific Ocean as a depression near the state of Nayarit on September 21, where it briefly redeveloped a few strong thunderstorms before dissipating at sea five days later.
"The Indonesian Army is the land branch of the Indonesian National Armed Forces. It has an estimated strength of 300,000 active personnel. The history of the Indonesian Army has its roots in 1945 when the Tentara Keamanan Rakyat ""Civil Security Forces"" first emerged as a paramilitary and police corps.
Kassinin is a peptide derived from the Kassina frog. It belongs to tachykinin family of neuropeptides. It is secreted as a defense response, and is involved in neuropeptide signalling.
Allangrange railway station was a station on the single track branch of the Highland Railway, in north east Scotland. The line connected villages in The Black Isle peninsula to the railway network via a junction at Muir of Ord.
John Michael Green is an American writer. He writes young-adult fiction novels.
Matthias Kühne is a German footballer who plays for Carl Zeiss Jena, as a defender.
Tiarza Subdivision is a subdivision located in South Waziristan District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The population is 45,210 according to the 2017 census.
The long-winged antwren is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.
Olomana' is a set of three mountainous peaks on the windward side of Oahu near Kailua and Waimanalo. While historically only the first peak was called Olomana and the second and third Paku'i and Ahiki respectively, most people call the entire section Olomana. Geologically speaking, Olomana is an erosional remnant from within the caldera of the Koolau Volcano.
Lauren Steadman is a British Paralympic athlete who has competed in three Summer Paralympics, in both swimming and the paratriathlon. She competed at both the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing and the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London as a swimmer, before switching to the paratriathlon for the 2016 Games in Rio where she won a silver medal in the Women's PT4.
Alive: The Story of the Andes Survivors is a 1974 book by the British writer Piers Paul Read documenting the events of Uruguayan Air Force Flight 571.
Rugby School is an English independent boarding school for pupils aged 13–18 in Rugby, Warwickshire, England.
Žár nad Sázavou is a town in the Vysoina Region of the Czech Republic. It has approximately 21,000 inhabitants and is the administrative capital of the Žár nad Sázavou District. The city is a prominent centre of tourism, as a cross country ski resort in winter and a popular destination for cycling and bathing in the summer. It is also situated on a major rail link between Prague and Brno.
The Northwest Pinball and Arcade Show is an annual pinball and arcade game festival held in Tacoma, Washington, United States.
Magnus Nygren is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for and is an alternate captain of HC Davos of the National League. Nygren was the 113th overall pick by the Montreal Canadiens in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.
"USS Concord was a wooden-hulled, three-masted sloop-of-war of the United States Navy and was launched on 24 September 1828 from the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery, Maine. She was the first US Navy vessel to bear the name 'Concord' and was so named after the town of Concord for its role at the beginning of the American Revolution. The vessel had a tonnage of 700. The Concord had a complement of 190 officers and seamen with an armament of 20 guns and saw service protecting American merchant ships and other interests in several places around the world. The ship and her crew, who also functioned as Marines, fought in the Seminole Wars in Florida. Concord ran aground while on a patrolling mission along the African coast. Despite determined efforts from the crew, with three losing their lives in the process, the Concord was unable to be refloated. It was the first ship christened by a woman. Sloop-of-war Concord, launched in 1827, was ""christened by a young lady of Portsmouth."" This is the first known instance of a woman sponsoring a United States Navy vessel. Unfortunately, the contemporary account does not name this pioneer female sponsor."
Sayak Airport, also known as Siargao Airport, is an airport serving the general area of Siargao Island, located in the province of Surigao del Norte in the Philippines. The airport is located in Barangay Sayak in the municipality of Del Carmen, where the airport derives its name from.
"Bengt Erik Johan Renvall was a Swedish dancer and choreographer active in the United States from 1978. He was known for ""soaring leaps of astounding power and soft landing"", of a mixture of extraordinary bravura and lyric nuances through his performances. His career, as ""one of only a small group of elite dancers the world has known"", began in 1972 when he was admitted to the Royal Swedish Ballet School. He then became a member of the Royal Swedish Ballet in 1977 and of American Ballet Theatre in 1978 where he later became principal dancer."
The North Villa Rica Commercial Historic District in Villa Rica, Georgia, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 31, 2002. The original application included eighteen buildings spread out over several blocks. The buildings were built in the early commercial style and date from the early to mid-20th century. This area houses the City of Villa Rica Police Department along with several antique stores, restaurants, and other commercial businesses. The boundary is basically North Avenue, East Gordon St, West Church St, and the Southern Railroad line.
This is a list that includes a photographic gallery of some remaining historical buildings, houses, structures and monuments in Kingman, Arizona. Some of which are listed in the National Register of Historic Places. Also, included are images of the historic Steam Engine #3759 which was built in 1927 for the Santa Fe Railroad.
Sir James Harrington of Hornby KB was an English politician and soldier who was a prominent Yorkist supporter in Northern England during the Wars of the Roses, having been retained by Richard Neville, 5th Earl of Salisbury, who was brother-in-law to the head of the House of York, Richard of York. He was the second son of Sir Thomas Harrington, who had died with the king's father at the Battle of Wakefield in December 1460. James himself had fought with Salisbury at the Battle of Blore Heath in 1459, where he had been captured and imprisoned by the Lancastrians until the next year. He was a significant regional figure during the reign of King Edward IV, although the early years of the new king's reign were marred by a bitter feud between him and the Stanley family over a castle in Lancashire. On the accession of King Richard III in 1483, he was appointed to the new king's Household, and as such was almost certainly with him at the Battle of Bosworth Field two years later. It is likely that he fell in battle there, although precise details of his death are now unknown.
Elections to City of Lincoln Council in Lincolnshire, England, were held on 10 June 2004. One third of the council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the Council.
Campbell Crater is an impact crater in the Eridania quadrangle of Mars, located at 54.7°S latitude and 165.6°E longitude. It is 129.0 km in diameter and was named after Canadian physicist John W. Campbell and American astronomer William Wallace Campbell, and the name was approved in 1973 by the International Astronomical Union Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature.
Éply is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.
Elisabeth Christine of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel was Princess of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel, Holy Roman Empress, German Queen, Queen of Bohemia and Hungary; and Archduchess of Austria by her marriage to Emperor Charles VI. She was renowned for her delicate beauty and also for being the mother of Empress Maria Theresa. She was the longest serving Holy Roman Empress.
Sanharib Malki Sabah is a Syrian footballer of Aramean ethnicity who plays as a striker for Belgian club RSD Jette. Besides his Syrian nationality, he also holds Belgian and Turkish passports.
Xerocrassa montserratensis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies. Two subspecies are recognised, the nominotypical X. m. subsp. montserratensis and X. m. subsp. betulonensis.
Patrick Campbell Eaves is a Canadian-born American professional ice hockey forward currently playing under contract to the Anaheim Ducks of the National Hockey League. He has also played for the Ottawa Senators, Carolina Hurricanes, Detroit Red Wings, Nashville Predators, and Dallas Stars.
The Clermont-Ferrand International Short Film Festival is the biggest international film festival dedicated to short films. It is held annually in Clermont-Ferrand, France, and is the second largest film festival in France after Cannes, in terms of audience and professional attendance, boasting over 160,000 attendees and 3,500 professionals annually.
Philip Ahn was an American actor and activist of Korean descent. With over 180 film and television credits between 1935 and 1978, he was one of the most recognizable and prolific Asian-American character actors of his time. He is widely-regarded as the first Korean American film actor in Hollywood.
Wilmington Branch is a branch library of the Los Angeles Public Library located in the Wilmington section of Los Angeles, California. It was built in 1927 based on a Spanish Colonial Revival design by architect W.E. McAllister.
Lake Abaya is a lake in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region of Ethiopia. It is located in the Main Ethiopian Rift, east of the Guge Mountains.
The Macquarie Marshes Nature Reserve is a protected natural wetland reserve that is located within the Macquarie Marshes, in the region along the lower Macquarie River in northwestern New South Wales, Australia. The 19,824-hectare reserve is situated approximately 600 kilometres northwest of Sydney and 100 kilometres north of Warren.
Ladin is a Romance language of the Rhaeto-Romance subgroup, mainly spoken in the Dolomite Mountains in Northern Italy in the provinces of South Tyrol, Trentino, and Belluno, by the Ladin people. It exhibits similarities to Swiss Romansh and Friulian.
Calera is one of the 58 municipalities in the Mexican state of Zacatecas. It is located on the central part of the state of Zacatecas and it is bounded by the municipalities of General Enrique Estrada, Fresnillo, Villa de Cos, Pánuco, Morelos and Zacatecas. The municipality covers a total surface area of 389 square kilometers. The municipality makes up for 0.5% of the area of the state of Zacatecas.
Sitona macularius is a species of weevil native to Europe.
Nabawan is the capital of the Nabawan District in the Interior Division of Sabah, Malaysia. Its population was estimated to be around 31,807 in 2010, comprising mostly the indigenous Murut people and a minority ethnic such as Tagol@Tahol.
The Lords are a German rock band, formed in Berlin in 1959. They are one of the longest-running beat groups from Germany, spanning the last half century. They are best known for their work during the sixties and early seventies and are noted for their sometimes humorous and irreverent approach.
Nový Rychnov is a market town in Pelhimov District in the Vysoina Region of the Czech Republic.
Werneuchen station is a railway station in the municipality of Werneuchen, located in the Barnim district in Brandenburg, Germany. It is the terminal station of the Niederbarnimer Eisenbahn RB25 service to Berlin.
Cynthia Lenige, also known as Kynke Lenige, was a Frisian poet. She died young, and her body of work is limited mostly to occasional poetry, though she also wrote a few satirical poems which argued for a classical education.
Lardy is a railway station in Lardy, Essonne, Paris, France. The station was opened in 1843 and is on the Paris–Bordeaux railway. The station is served by Paris' express suburban rail system, the RER. The train services are operated by SNCF.
Yarovoye is a town in Altai Krai, Russia, located on the north shore of Lake Bolshoye Yarovoye, 402 kilometers west of Barnaul, the administrative center of the krai. Population: 18,604; 21,363; 21,784.
The Church of St. Catherine of Genoa is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, located at 504 West 153rd Street, between Broadway and Amsterdam Avenue in the Hamilton Heights neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.
BRCA2 and BRCA2 are a human gene and its protein product, respectively. The official symbol and the official name are maintained by the HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee. One alternative symbol, FANCD1, recognizes its association with the FANC protein complex. Orthologs, styled Brca2 and Brca2, are common in other vertebrate species. BRCA2 is a human tumor suppressor gene, found in all humans; its protein, also called by the synonym breast cancer type 2 susceptibility protein, is responsible for repairing DNA.
The Turn in the Road is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by King Vidor. His first feature film, the production was financed by the Brentwood Film Corporation, the title and the scenario is based on a Christian Science religious tract. No print of this film is known to exist. which suggests that it is a lost film.
Coti-Chiavari is a commune of the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.
Helena Suková is a former professional tennis player from the Czech Republic. During her career, she won 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, 9 of them in women's doubles and 5 of them in mixed doubles. She also was a four-time Grand Slam singles runner-up and won 10 singles titles and 69 doubles titles.
Saint-Nicolas du Chardonnet is a Roman Catholic church in the centre of Paris, France, located in the 5th arrondissement. Since 1977, after expelling the parish priest and his assistants, the church has been used by traditionalist Society of St. Pius X and remains in the Society's hands.
Malcolm John Charles Harbour, CBE, is a British Conservative Party politician who was a Member of the European Parliament for the West Midlands between 1999 and July 2014. He is a member of the European Conservatives and Reformists Group and the chairman of the Committee on Internal Market and Consumer Protection.
Elyria Township is one of the eighteen townships of Lorain County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census the population was 3,266.
Mongolia competed at the 2019 World Aquatics Championships in Gwangju, South Korea from 12 to 28 July.
All Saints' Church, Strelley is a Grade I listed parish church in the Church of England in Strelley, Nottinghamshire.
Witches Tower is an 8,520+ ft granite summit located 10 mi southwest of Leavenworth in Chelan County of Washington state. Witches Tower is part of The Enchantments within the Alpine Lakes Wilderness, and is set on land managed by Okanogan-Wenatchee National Forest. It belongs to the Stuart Range which is subset of the Wenatchee Mountains. Witches Tower is situated 0.8 mi northwest of Little Annapurna, and 0.4 mi east-southeast of Dragontail Peak, which is its nearest higher neighbor. Witches Tower is surrounded by remnants of Snow Creek Glacier. Precipitation runoff drains into tributaries of the Wenatchee River.
Hurricane Sandy was the deadliest and most destructive, as well as the strongest, hurricane of the 2012 Atlantic hurricane season. Inflicting nearly $70 billion in damage, it was the second-costliest hurricane on record in the United States until surpassed by Hurricanes Harvey and Maria in 2017. The eighteenth named storm, tenth hurricane, and second major hurricane of the year, Sandy was a Category 3 storm at its peak intensity when it made landfall in Cuba. While it was a Category 2 hurricane off the coast of the Northeastern United States, the storm became the largest Atlantic hurricane on record. At least 233 people were killed along the path of the storm in eight countries.
Edward Isaac Golladay was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for Tennessee's 5th congressional district.
Burlington County is a county in the U.S. state of New Jersey. The county is the largest in New Jersey by area. Its county seat is Mount Holly. As of the 2019 Census Bureau estimate, the county's population was 445,349, making it the 11th-largest of the state's 21 counties, representing a 0.4% decrease from the 2010 United States Census, when the population was enumerated at 448,734, in turn an increase of 25,340 from the 423,394 enumerated in the 2000 Census. The most-populous place was Evesham Township, with 45,538 residents at the time of the 2010 Census, while Washington Township covered 102.71 square miles, the largest area of any municipality in Burlington County.
Marcialonga is a cross-country ski race which is arranged for the last Sunday in January in Trentino in Italy. It was first held in 1971 and has been a part of Worldloppet as long as Worldloppet has been around. In 2007, it was run for the 34th time.
Oberdollendorf is a municipal district of Königswinter, a city in the Rhein-Sieg district, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. The vineyards which dominate the town are part of the Mittelrhein wine region.
Bomberger's Distillery, more recently Michter's Distillery, is a non-operating distillery facility that was, at the end of the twentieth century, believed to be the oldest remaining such building in the United States. The distillery closed in 1989. Although there are whiskey products currently on the market using the Bomberger's and Michter's brand names, they are more recently introduced products that have no direct connection to the old distillery.
The Bloomfield Academy is a historic former school building on Main Street in Skowhegan, Maine. Built in 1840 by a local master builder, it is a fine Greek Revival structure, and a reminder of the area's early educational history. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Purtse is a village in Lüganuse Parish, Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.
Syagrus is a genus of Arecaceae, native to South America, with one species endemic to the Lesser Antilles. The genus is closely related to the Cocos, or coconut genus, and many Syagrus species produce edible seeds similar to the coconut.
Adam Adolf Oberländer was a German caricaturist, illustrator, cartoonist and early comics artist.
Konggangxinchengjiangning station is a terminal station of Line S1 and an interchange station between Line S1 and Line S7 of the Nanjing Metro.
The Glory Trail is a 1936 American western film. Directed by Lynn Shores, the film stars Tom Keene, Joan Barclay, and E. H. Calvert. It was released on September 15, 1936.
Bluffton is a city in Otter Tail County, Minnesota, United States, along the Leaf River. The population was 207 at the 2010 census.
HMS Zest was a Z-class destroyer of the Royal Navy that saw service during World War II.
Lake Freeman is a reservoir outside of Monticello, Indiana formed in 1925 by the completion of the Oakdale Dam. Lake Freeman, together with its sister lake, Lake Shafer is part of the Twin Lakes region, a popular summer recreational area centered on the town of Monticello, Indiana.
Windische Höhe Pass is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps, located in the state of Carinthia. The pass connects St. Stefan in the Gail River valley with Feistritz an der Drau in the Drau River valley.
The Zeppelin-Lindau Rs.III was a large four-engined monoplane flying boat designed by Claudius Dornier and built during 1917 on the German side of Lake Constance at the Zeppelin-Lindau works.
Ayushmann Khurrana is an Indian actor, poet, singer, and television host. He has established a career in Hindi cinema and is the recipient of several awards, including a National Film Award and four Filmfare Awards.
Shiokawa Station is a railway station on the Ban'etsu West Line in Kitakata, Fukushima Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
The common quail, or European quail, is a small ground-nesting game bird in the pheasant family Phasianidae. Coturnix is the Latin for this species.
Merve Akl is a Turkish women's football forward who played in the First League for Gazikentspor with jersey number 9 in the 2014–2015 season.
Lough Mask is a limestone lake of about 83 km² in Counties Galway and Mayo, Ireland, north of Lough Corrib. Lough Mask is the middle of the three lakes, which empty into the Corrib River, through Galway, into Galway Bay. Lough Carra flows into Lough Mask, which feeds into Lough Corrib through an underground stream which becomes the River Cong.
The Metropolitanate of Karlovci was a metropolitanate of the Serbian Orthodox Church that existed between 1708 and 1848. Between 1708 and 1713 it was known as the Metropolitanate of Krušedol, and between 1713 and 1848 as the Metropolitanate of Karlovci. In 1848, it was transformed into the Patriarchate of Karlovci, which existed until 1920, when it was merged with Metropolitanate of Belgrade and other Serbian church provinces to form the united Serbian Orthodox Church.
The Illinois Salines, also known as the Saline Springs or Great Salt Springs, is a salt spring site located along the Saline River in Gallatin County, Illinois. The site was a source of salt for Illinois' prehistoric settlers and is now an archaeological site with a large quantity of organic remains. After European settlement of Illinois, the salt springs became part of Illinois' first major industry and were one of the only places in Illinois where slavery was legal after 1818.
Utikoomak Lake 155B is an Indian reserve of the Whitefish Lake First Nation in Alberta, located within Northern Sunrise County. It is fifty-five kilometres northeast of High Prairie.
The Slovene Home Guard was a Slovene anti-Partisan military organization that was active during the 1943–1945 German occupation of the formerly Italian-occupied Province of Ljubljana. It consisted of former Village Sentries, part of Italian-sponsored Anti-Communist Volunteer Militia, re-organized under Nazi command after the Italian Armistice.
The coat of arms of Serbia is the official coat of arms of the Republic of Serbia. It is closely modelled after the royal coat of arms of the Kingdom of Serbia, and it was officially adopted by the National Assembly in 2004 and later slightly redesigned in 2010. The coat of arms consists of two main heraldic symbols which represent the national identity of the Serbian people across the centuries, the Serbian eagle and the Serbian cross.
Hengshan Road is a station on Line 1 of the Shanghai Metro, located along Hengshan Road in Xuhui District. It opened on 10 April 1995 as part of the section between Jinjiang Park and Shanghai Railway Station.
Rail transport in Singapore mainly consists of a passenger urban rail transit system spanning the entire city-state: a rapid transit system collectively known as the Mass Rapid Transit system operated by the two biggest public transport operators SMRT Trains and SBS Transit, as well as several Light Rail Transit rubber-tyred automated guideway transit lines also operated by both companies. In addition, local specialised light rail lines are in operation in places such as the Singapore Changi Airport and Sentosa.
Samuel Clifford Carroll was an American Major League Baseball outfielder. He played professionally for the Providence Grays, Pittsburgh Alleghenys, Washington Senators, Chicago Colts, St. Louis Browns, and Boston Beaneaters.
"Butha-Buthe is the capital city or camptown of the Butha-Buthe District in Lesotho. It has a population of 35,108. It is named for Butha-Buthe Mountain to the north of the town. The city's name means ""place of deposits.""
Samuli Saarela is a Finnish mountain bike orienteer. He won a gold medal in the middle distance at the 2010 World MTB Orienteering Championships in Montalegre.
V-snoRNA1 is a box CD-snoRNA identified in B lymphocytes infected with the Epstein–Barr virus. This snoRNA is the first known example of a snoRNA expressed from a viral genome. It is homologous to eukaryotic snoRNAs because it contains the C and D boxes sequence motifs but lacks a terminal stem-loop structure. The nucleolar localization of v-snoRNA1 was determined by in situ hybridization. V-snoRNA1 can form into a ribonucleoprotein complex as co-immunoprecipitation assays showed that this snoRNA interacts with the snoRNA core proteins, fibrillarin, Nop56, Nop58. It has also been proposed that this snoRNA may act as a miRNA-like precursor that is processed into 24-nucleotide-sized RNA fragments that target the 3'UTR of viral DNA polymerase mRNA.
Harper, situated on Cape Palmas, is the capital of Maryland County in Liberia. It is a coastal town situated between the Atlantic Ocean and the Hoffman River. Harper is Liberia's 11th largest town, with a population of 17,837.
Gin Gin railway station is a heritage-listed railway station at Mulgrave Street, Gin Gin, Bundaberg Region, Queensland, Australia. It was built from 1888 to c. 1928. It is also known as Gin Gin Railway Station, Goods Shed & Refreshment Rooms. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 28 July 2000.
Sama Beirut is a residential, commercial and office tower in the Sodeco region of Beirut, Lebanon. The project was announced on August 13, 2009 and was opened in 2016. Fadi Antonios developed the project, and it is owned by his company, Antonios Projects SAL. When this project was completed, it became the tallest tower in all of Lebanon at its time, standing at 195 meters.
"The E3 series is a Japanese Shinkansen high-speed train type built for Komachi services which commenced on 3 June 1997, coinciding with the opening of the new Akita Shinkansen ""mini-shinkansen"" line, a regular 1,067 mm narrow-gauge line between Morioka and Akita re-gauged to 1,435 mm standard gauge. Later versions of the E3 series were also introduced for use on Yamagata Shinkansen Tsubasa services. Both ""mini-shinkansen"" lines join the Tohoku Shinkansen, providing services to and from Tokyo."
The Kota Johor Lama Museum is a museum in Johor Lama, Kota Tinggi District, Johor, Malaysia. The museum is about the history of Johor Lama.
Kevin Allan Jurovich is a former American football wide receiver. He signed as an undrafted free agent with the Philadelphia Eagles in 2010. He played college football at San Jose State University.
Castel Madama is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region Lazio, located about 30 kilometres east of Rome.
The atmosphere of Titan is the layer of gases surrounding Titan, the largest moon of Saturn. It is the only thick atmosphere of a natural satellite in the Solar System. Titan's lower atmosphere is primarily composed of nitrogen, methane, and hydrogen. There are trace amounts of other hydrocarbons, such as ethane, diacetylene, methylacetylene, acetylene, propane, PAHs and of other gases, such as cyanoacetylene, hydrogen cyanide, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, cyanogen, acetonitrile, argon and helium. The isotopic study of nitrogen isotopes ratio also suggest acetonitrile may be present in quantities exceeding hydrogen cyanide and cyanoacetylene. The surface pressure is about 50% higher than Earth at 1.5 bars which is near the triple point of methane and allows there to be gaseous methane in the atmosphere and liquid methane on the surface. The orange color as seen from space is produced by other more complex chemicals in small quantities, possibly tholins, tar-like organic precipitates.
The RWD 6 was a Polish sports plane of 1932, constructed by the RWD team. It was a winner of the Challenge 1932 international tourist aircraft contest.
"The Idaho Building at the 1905 Lewis and Clark Centennial Exposition in Portland, Oregon, was a 2-story exhibition hall designed by James A. Fennell of the Boise architectural firm Wayland & Fennell. When the Idaho Building opened, journalist Blaine Phillips wrote, ""The building is sublimely beautiful, the vivid colors which have been applied in perfect harmony with the surroundings, serving ably to accentuate the picturesqueness and uniqueness of the construction.""
Sawomir Drabik is a Polish speedway rider who has won 1996 Team World Champion title.
The Methodist Episcopal Church built in 1890 is an historic Methodist church located at Thoman and Union streets, in Crestline, Ohio. It was built by Bauer, Minich and Emmer in the Romanesque style. On October 27, 1978, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. It is now the First United Methodist Church.
Messon is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
Marion is a suburb in the City of Marion, around 10 kilometres south-west of the city centre of Adelaide, the capital of South Australia. Founded as a rural village in 1838 on the banks of the Sturt River, Marion was found to have rich soil and the population expanded rapidly. Colonel William Light laid out the plan for the village, as he had done with the City of Adelaide itself.
Admiral Sir Hastings Reginald Yelverton, GCB was a Royal Navy officer. As a junior officer he took part in a major action against pirates off Candia in June 1826 and was involved in protecting British interests during the Portuguese Civil War during the early 1830s. He saw action in the Crimean War as Captain of one of the two ships that captured a Russian barque beneath the batteries at Ekenäs in Finland in May 1854. Then in July 1873 he took part in the suppression of the Cantonal Revolution in Cartagena. He became First Naval Lord in September 1876 and in that role implemented a series of economies demanded by the Disraeli ministry but was also involved in ordering the small, cheap and thoroughly unsuccessful ironclad Ajax-class battleships.
Douglas Lynch is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played with the Edmonton Oilers in the National Hockey League.
Alameda de la Sagra is a municipality located in the province of Toledo, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2008 census, the municipality has a population of 3324 inhabitants.
Plauderville is a NJ Transit train station located in Garfield, New Jersey, United States, served by the Bergen County Line. The station is in the north side of the city on Midland Avenue between Plauderville Avenue and Outwater Lane. The station is a full-service station as of April 2012, and has high-level platforms making the station handicapped accessible.
Hosena is a borough of the town of Senftenberg in Brandenburg, Germany. Hosena is located in Upper Lusatia not far from the Senftenberger See. Hosena station is at the junction of the Wgliniec–Roßlau railway and the Lübbenau–Kamenz railway.
USS White Sands (ARD-20), ex-USS ARD-20, ex-USS ARD-20, later AGDS-1, was a United States Navy auxiliary repair dock in service from 1944 to 1947 and from 1966 to 1974 and an Auxiliary floating drydock.
Auckland House School is a coeducational school in Shimla, Himachal Pradesh, India. It was founded by George Eden, Governor-General of India, in 1836. The school originally served 32 students. Lord Auckland sold the school in 1868; the local school board moved the institution to Lakkar Bazaar in 1869. Auckland was rated among India's top schools in a survey by Mainline Media. It is affiliated to ICSE.
Ruslan Bekmirzayevich Yamadayev was a Chechen military leader and politician. A member of the high-profile Yamadayev family, he was assassinated in Moscow in 2008. Yamadayev was one of Kremlin's most loyal allies.
Charles Coleman was a British landscape and animal painter, born in Pontefract, in Yorkshire, England.
Sanaüja is a village in the province of Lleida and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.
The Parpaner Rothorn is a mountain of the Plessur Alps, overlooking Parpan in the canton of Graubünden. The summit is easily accessible with a cable car from Lenzerheide, the upper station being located 30 metres below the main summit.
"Luís Vaz de Camões is considered Portugal's and the Portuguese language's greatest poet. His mastery of verse has been compared to that of Shakespeare, Vondel, Homer, Virgil and Dante. He wrote a considerable amount of lyrical poetry and drama but is best remembered for his epic work Os Lusíadas. His collection of poetry The Parnasum of Luís de Camões was lost in his lifetime. The influence of his masterpiece Os Lusíadas is so profound that Portuguese is sometimes called the ""language of Camões""."
Barbara Probst is a contemporary artist whose photographic work consists of multiple images of a single scene, shot simultaneously with several cameras via a radio-controlled system. Using a mix of color and black-and-white film, she poses her subjects, positioning each lens at a different angle, and then triggers the cameras’ shutters all at once, creating tableaux of two or more individually framed images. Although the pictures are of the same subject and are taken at the same instant, they provide a range of perspectives. She lives and works in both New York City and Munich. She relocated to New York City in 1997.
The OTO Main Anti-aircraft Tank for Intercept and Combat was an Italian self-propelled anti-aircraft gun prototype. Designed and built by OTO Melara, it was armed with a single 76 mm naval gun.
Jeffrey Alan Ferrell is an American professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent. He played in Major League Baseball for the Detroit Tigers.
Camas Creek is a 64-mile long river in southern Idaho, United States, that is a tributary of the Big Wood River.
The 634th Radar Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the 20th Air Division, Aerospace Defense Command, stationed at Lake Charles Air Force Station, Louisiana. It was inactivated on 1 July 1974.
Deadwood Peak is a 6,280 feet summit located on the eastern border of Mount Rainier National Park. It is also on the shared border of Pierce County and Yakima County in Washington state. Deadwood Peak is situated on the crest of the Cascade Range, immediately north of Yakima Peak and Chinook Pass, with the Pacific Crest Trail traversing its east slope. Its nearest higher peak is Naches Peak, 0.59 mi to the southeast. Deadwood Peak takes its name from Deadwood Lakes and Deadwood Creek to its northwest, and their names came from the large number of downed trees in the area. From Chinook Pass, a short scramble up the south side leads to the summit with unobstructed views of Mount Rainier.
Alfred Henry Toogood, Sr. was an English professional golfer who played during the late 19th and early 20th century. Toogood finished fourth in the 1894 Open Championship and won £7. He also tied for ninth place in the 1895 Open Championship.
Rotterdam is the second largest city in the Netherlands. About 650,000 people live there. In the urban area, there are about 1.1 million people. Rotterdam also has one of the biggest ports in the world. It is the biggest port in Europe. The city is on several rivers, most notably the Maas. Rotterdam, like all of the Netherlands, has an oceanic climate.
The Illini and Saluki are a pair of passenger trains operated by Amtrak along a 310-mile route between Chicago and Carbondale, Illinois. They are part of Amtrak's Illinois Service and are primarily funded by the state of Illinois. The route is coextensive with the far northern leg of the long-distance City of New Orleans. The Illini has operated since 1973; a previous version operated in 1971–1972 between Chicago and Champaign. The Saluki debuted in 2006.
Take a Good Look is an American television game show created by and starring Ernie Kovacs, which aired from 1959 to 1961 on ABC's Thursday-night block at 10:30 PM Eastern Time.
The Blair's Ferry Storehouse is a historic brick structure in the U.S. city of Loudon, Tennessee. Originally built as a storehouse for the burgeoning riverboat trade in the community of Blair's Ferry in the 1830s, the structure was eventually renovated and used for a variety of functions throughout the 19th and 20th centuries. The building is one of the region's earliest surviving examples of a structure designed specifically as a warehouse. In 1977, the building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Price Tower is a nineteen-story, 221-foot-high tower at 510 South Dewey Avenue in Bartlesville, Oklahoma. It was built in 1956 to a design by Frank Lloyd Wright. It is the only realized skyscraper by Wright, and is one of only two vertically oriented Wright structures extant.
The Army of the James was a Union Army that was composed of units from the Department of Virginia and North Carolina and served along the James River during the final operations of the American Civil War in Virginia.
Bernaville is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Leptodactylus gracilis is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae. It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, temperate grassland, subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland, subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, intermittent freshwater marshes, pastureland, rural gardens, and urban areas.
The W.A. Parish Generating Station is a 3.65-gigawatt, dual-fired power plant located in unincorporated Thompsons, Texas, the station occupies a 4,664-acre site near Smithers Lake southwest of Houston in Fort Bend County and consists of two four-unit plants; one natural gas and the other coal. With a total installed capacity of 3,653 MW, it is the second largest conventional power station in the US. NRG Energy owns and operates the plant.
Car Colston is an English village and civil parish in the Rushcliffe borough of Nottinghamshire. The population of the civil parish at the time of the 2011 census was 185.
Mg is an electric locomotive used by Swedish State Railways for hauling freight trains. It was built in 17 copies by ASEA and was in service until 1980.
Sandbach services is a motorway service station on the M6 in Sandbach, Cheshire.
Vastrapur is an area in Ahmedabad district in the Indian state of Gujarat. The Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad is located in this area. It is also the location for Vastrapur Lake where many renowned personalities from the field of music have also performed.
The 1948 Michigan Wolverines football team represented the University of Michigan during the 1948 Big Nine Conference football season. In its first year under head coach Bennie Oosterbaan, Michigan compiled a 9–0 record, defeated six ranked opponents by a combined score of 122–17, and won both the Big Nine Conference and national football championships. In the final AP Poll, Michigan received 192 first place votes, twice as many as second-place Notre Dame which garnered 97 first place votes.
Uroplatus finiavana is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae.It is endemic to Madagascar.
The Port of Aqaba is the only port in Jordan, and is owned by Aqaba Development Corporation and has 12 terminals operated by five operators:the Aqaba Company for port management and operation; Aqaba Container Terminal; Industrial Port Company; phosphate Company; National Electricity power Company, and the pilotage operated by Aqaba port Marine Services Company.
Jadwiga Maria Kinga Bal of Zaleszczyki, née Brunicka was a Polish baroness and a lifelong muse of Jacek Malczewski, considered Poland's national painter. She served as the live model for a series of his symbolic portrayals of women, as well as nude studies and mythological beings. Most were completed before the interwar period when Poland had not yet achieved independence.
Walpola Rahula Thero was a Sri Lankan Buddhist monk, scholar and writer. In 1964, he became the Professor of History and Religions at Northwestern University, thus becoming the first bhikkhu to hold a professorial chair in the Western world. He also once held the position of Vice-Chancellor at the then Vidyodaya University. He has written extensively about Buddhism in English, French and Sinhala. He wrote the book What the Buddha Taught about Theravada Buddhism.
Agnes Hiorth was a Norwegian painter. Her art was characterized by impressionistic broad brush and harmoniously palette of landscapes, as well as a wide range of cultivated and accurate portraits.
Joakim Jensen is a retired Norwegian professional ice hockey player who spent most of his career with Storhamar of the Norwegian GET-ligaen. Jensen scored the overtime game-winning goal against Sparta in the longest professional ice hockey game of all time, game 5 of the 2016–17 quarterfinals.
NGC 511, also occasionally referred to as PGC 5103 or UGC 936, is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation Pisces. It located approximately 499 million light-years from the Solar System and was discovered on 26 October 1876 by French astronomer Édouard Stephan.
Kiasmos is a Faroese-Icelandic minimal, experimental techno duo, composed of Ólafur Arnalds and Janus Rasmussen. They started in 2009 and released their first extended play, Thrown, in 2012 and their album Kiasmos in 2014.
The Kuala Lumpur Convention Centre is a convention and exhibition centre located in the Kuala Lumpur City Centre development in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Karen Anne Carpenter was an American singer and drummer who, along with her elder brother Richard, was part of the duo The Carpenters. She was praised for her 3-octave contralto vocal range. Her drumming abilities were viewed positively by other musicians and critics. Her struggles with eating disorders would later raise awareness of anorexia and body dysmorphia.
Luke Ronald Howarth is an Australian politician who has been a member of the House of Representatives since the 2013 federal election, representing the Division of Petrie. He is a member of the Liberal National Party of Queensland, and sits with the Liberal Party in federal parliament.
Saint Stephen's Day bandy is a Swedish sporting event in which elite bandy matches are played on Saint Stephen's Day. During the 20th century, it became a Christmas tradition in Sweden.
Rice County is a county located in the south central portion of the U.S. state of Minnesota. As of the 2010 census, the population was 64,142. Its county seat is Faribault.
Perry Township is a township in Jefferson County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,226 at the 2010 census. It was named after Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry.
Çala Demirsal is a Turkish ice dancer. With partner Berk Akaln, she is the 2011 Turkish national champion and placed 14th at the 2013 World Junior Championships.
Julia Florence Parker is a Coast Miwok-Kashaya Pomo basket weaver.
Christopher Hyde-Smith is a flautist.
The Castellana Caves are a karst cave system located in the municipality of Castellana Grotte, in the Metropolitan City of Bari, Apulia, southern Italy.
John Macías, O.P., was a Spanish-born Dominican Friar who evangelized in Peru in 1620. He was canonized in 1975 by Pope Paul VI. His main image is located at the main altar of the Basilica of Our Lady of the Rosary of Lima and is venerated by the local laity in Peru. A church was built in his honor in 1970 in San Luis, Lima, Peru.
Sebastopol is a city in Sonoma County, in California. The population was 7,379 at the 2010 U.S. Census. Sonoma County has a population of up to 50,000 residents.
Inkosi ya Makosi Gomani II was born Zitonga at Chipiri in present-day Mozambique. His mother was naNgondo, junior wife to Gomani I, also known as Chatamthumba.
The 2018 French Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race that took place on 24 June 2018 at the Circuit Paul Ricard in Le Castellet, France. The race was the eighth round of the 2018 FIA Formula One World Championship and marked the first time that the French Grand Prix has been run since 2008. It was the 87th running of the French Grand Prix, and the 59th time the event had been included as a round of the Formula One World Championship since the inception of the series in 1950.
Likhoslavlsky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the thirty-six in Tver Oblast, Russia. It is located in the center of the oblast and borders with Maksatikhinsky District in the north, Rameshkovsky District in the east, Kalininsky District in the south, Torzhoksky District in the southwest, and with Spirovsky District in the northwest. The area of the district is 1,781 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the town of Likhoslavl. Population: 28,492; 30,079; 33,942. The population of Likhoslavl accounts for 43.0% of the district's total population.
Jaroslav Pospíšil is a Czech tennis player playing on the ITF Futures Tour and ATP Challenger Tour. On 23 May 2011 he reached his highest ATP singles ranking of World No. 103.
The 16th Sustainment Brigade is a sustainment brigade of the United States Army based at Smith Barracks in Baumholder, Germany. It is a subordinate unit of the 21st Theater Sustainment Command of the Seventh Army.
Sona Mehring is an American businesswoman and the founder and past CEO of the nonprofit 501 organization CaringBridge. In 1997, she created the first CaringBridge website to create a free service for communication between friends and family informed when someone is facing any health issues. Each website includes pictures and journal updates, as well as an online guestbook allowing all parties to stay informed without placing extra demands on hospital staff.
"Maria Elbieta ""Iga"" Cembrzyska is a Polish actress, singer, composer, screenwriter, film director, and producer. She runs her own film company, Iga Film. She was the wife of Polish film director Andrzej Kondratiuk.
The chital, also known as spotted deer, chital deer, and axis deer, is a species of deer that is native in the Indian subcontinent. The species was first described by German naturalist Johann Christian Polycarp Erxleben in 1777. A moderate-sized deer, male chital reach nearly 90 cm and females 70 cm at the shoulder. While males weigh 30–75 kg, the lighter females weigh 25–45 kg. The species is sexually dimorphic; males are larger than females, and antlers are present only on males. The upper parts are golden to rufous, completely covered in white spots. The abdomen, rump, throat, insides of legs, ears, and tail are all white. The antlers, three-pronged, are nearly 1 m long.
University Hall is a student hall of residence at the University of St Andrews in St Andrews, Fife, Scotland. When it opened in 1896 it was the first residence for women students in Scotland. University Hall is now a mixed residence. Louisa Lumsden was the first warden of the new residence hall in 1895.
Mount Tom, 1,202 feet, is a steep, rugged traprock mountain peak on the west bank of the Connecticut River 4.5 miles northwest of downtown Holyoke, Massachusetts. The mountain is the southernmost and highest peak of the Mount Tom Range and the highest traprock peak of the 100-mile long Metacomet Ridge. A popular outdoor recreation resource, the mountain is known for its continuous line of cliffs and talus slopes visible from the south and west, its dramatic 1,100-foot rise over the surrounding Connecticut River Valley, and its rare plant communities and microclimate ecosystems.
Anna Johnson Julian was the first African-American woman awarded a PhD in sociology by the University of Pennsylvania, a civic activist, and fourth national president of Delta Sigma Theta, a historically black sorority. In the 1930s, Julian studied factors inhibiting children's education and taught sociology at Miner Teachers College. Her doctoral work was an analysis of the case records of 100 families receiving income support. She was married to prominent chemist, Percy Lavon Julian, from 1935 to his death in 1975, and had three children. The couple and their children faced down a violent and abusive campaign of intimidation when they moved into an upscale home in Oak Park, Chicago, with attacks on their home, including two fire bombings. The Julians founded the Chicago Chapter of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund.
Ha'il is a city in north-western Saudi Arabia. It is the capital of Ha'il Region, and has a population of about 605,930.
The Socialist Party of Timor is a Marxist–Leninist political party in East Timor.
The Ausa is a minor river some 17 kilometres long that traverses part of northern San Marino and Emilia–Romagna in Italy. The source of the river is Monte Titano in central San Marino. The river flows northeast past Serravalle and crosses the border into the Italian province of Rimini close to Dogana. The river continues flowing northeast and is channelled through storm drains at Rimini before emptying into the Marecchia. It features the lowest point of San Marino, at 55 metres above sea level, at the point where it leaves the country.
Torre Annunziata is a city and comune in the Metropolitan City of Naples, region of Campania in Italy. It is located on the Gulf of Naples at the foot of Mt. Vesuvius.
Igor aleti is a Montenegrin professional basketball coach and former player. He currently serves as an assistant coach for Alvark Tokyo of the B.League.
Bullock's oriole is a small New World blackbird. At one time, this species and the Baltimore oriole were considered to be a single species, the northern oriole. This bird is named after William Bullock, an English amateur naturalist.
Richard Yoo is an American entrepreneur, the co-founder and former CEO of the web hosting company Rackspace, and the founder and former CEO of web hosting company ServerBeach. Richard Yoo was born in Houston, Texas.
The Snake Run, also known as Albany Snake Run and Albany Skate Track, is a skatepark in Albany, Western Australia. The park is the oldest community funded skatepark in Australia and the second oldest in the world.
JGSDF Camp Itazuma is a military base of the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force, located in Gotemba, Shizuoka prefecture, Japan. It is one of several military facilities located in the foothills of Mount Fuji.
The first USS Weehawken was a Passaic-class ironclad monitor in the United States Navy during the American Civil War. She was named after Weehawken, New Jersey.
Edgbaston is an area of Birmingham, England. It is one of the richest areas of the city and there are many expensive houses. Edgbaston Cricket Ground is here, which is well known around the world. The University of Birmingham is also nearby.
Castel San Pietro is a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Hoffeld is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Sereina Trachsel is a Swiss former racing cyclist. She was the Swiss National Road Race champion in 2004, 2005 and 2007.
"Chubby Checker is an American rock 'n roll singer and dancer. He is widely known for popularizing many dance styles including the twist dance style, with his 1960 hit cover of Hank Ballard & The Midnighters' R&B hit ""The Twist"" and the Pony with hit ""Pony Time"". In September 2008, ""The Twist"" topped Billboard's list of the most popular singles to have appeared in the Hot 100 since its debut in 1958, an honor it maintained for an August 2013 update of the list. He also popularized the ""Limbo Rock"" and its trademark limbo dance, as well as various dance styles such as The Fly."
"The Divine Comedy are a chamber pop band from Northern Ireland formed in 1989 and fronted by Neil Hannon. Hannon has been the only constant member of the group, playing, in some instances, all of the non-orchestral instrumentation except drums. To date, twelve studio albums have been released under the Divine Comedy name. Between 1996 and 1999, the band released nine singles that made the UK Top 40, including the top-ten hit, ""National Express""."
Sarunyoo Wongkrachang or spelt Sarunyu Wongkrachang, was a Thai actor, singer, host, politician, screenwriter, director and producer. He was a producer of Thai TV dramas and reached his peak as Thailand's top actor during 80s–90s, best known for his various hugely successful TV drama roles, including Gao Ee Kao Nai Hong Dang, Massaya, Baan Sai Thong, Jaosao Kong Arnon, Rattikarn Yod Rak, Wanalee, Roymarn, Wanida, Tawipop, Mon Rak Look Thoong, Duay Rang Atittarn and Nai Hoy Tamil.
The Volvo B9S was an articulated bus chassis constructed by Volvo Buses between 2002 and 2011. It was available as a low-entry bus, a wholly low-floor bus, and an integral bus bodied by Volvo.
Tegba Othello Hunter is an American-Liberian professional basketball player for Maccabi Tel Aviv of the Israeli Premier League and the EuroLeague. Standing at 6 ft 8 in, he plays at the power forward and center positions. He was born in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
Terwispel is a village in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland, the Netherlands. Its neighbouring villages are Tijnje/De Tynje, Nij Beets, Beetsterzwaag/Beetstersweach, Lippenhuizen/Lippenhúzen, Gorredijk/De Gordyk, Langezwaag/Langsweagen and Luxwoude/Lúkswâld. It had a population of around 1,020 in January 2017.
NGC 40 is a planetary nebula discovered by William Herschel on November 25, 1788, and is composed of hot gas around a dying star. The star has ejected its outer layer which has left behind a smaller, hot star with a temperature on the surface of about 50,000 degrees Celsius. Radiation from the star causes the shed outer layer to heat to about 10,000 degrees Celsius, and is about one light-year across. About 30,000 years from now, scientists theorize that NGC 40 will fade away, leaving only a white dwarf star approximately the size of Earth.
Ivano-Frankivsk International Airport is an airport in Ivano-Frankivsk, Ukraine, some 4.4 km by road from the town center.
Irthlingborough is a town on the River Nene in Northamptonshire, England. It had a population of 8,900 at the 2011 census and was the smallest town in England to have had a Football League team, Rushden & Diamonds F.C., prior to the promotion of Forest Green Rovers to the EFL in May 2017. The parish church, St Peter, has a lantern tower, unusual for Northamptonshire churches, which was built to guide travellers across the Nene valley in foggy weather. It also has doors at the four cardinal points and has eight misericords in the chancel.
USS Newman K. Perry, a Gearing-class destroyer was the only ship of the United States Navy named for Ensign Newman K. Perry, USN, who was killed in a boiler explosion board Bennington on 21 July 1905.
Kateina echová is a Czech athlete who specialises in the 100 m and 200 m sprints.
Xylopia brasiliensis is a species of plant in the family Annonaceae.
Manéhouville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
The Andersen Air Force Base B2 accident was a February 2008 incident when the Spirit of Kansas, a United States Air Force Northrop Grumman B-2 Spirit stealth strategic bomber, crashed on the runway shortly after takeoff from Andersen Air Force Base in Guam. The incident marks the first operational loss of a B2 bomber. Both crew members successfully ejected, but the aircraft was destroyed. With an estimated loss of US$1.4 billion, it was the most expensive aircraft crash in history.
Naujamiestis is an eldership in the Vilnius city municipality, Lithuania. It occupies 4,9 km². According to the 2011 census, it has a population of 23,232.
The Burren River is a river in Ireland, flowing through County Carlow.
The Wolverton–Newport Pagnell line was a railway branch line in Buckinghamshire, United Kingdom running from Wolverton on the London and North Western Railway to Newport Pagnell. The line fully opened to passengers in 1867. An extension to Olney was planned in 1865, but this scheme was abandoned after partial construction. Earthworks along the route of the extension still exist in Bury Field, and plaques exist detailing the history of the failed project.
Clearview is a town in Oklahoma, United States.
The Uruguayan Antarctic Institute is Uruguay's governmental agency to fund, organize, control and promote research on Antarctica according with the Antarctic Treaty System. It was founded by scientists, and is now managed by Uruguay's Ministries of Defense, Foreign Affairs and Education.
Euclasta is a genus of Asian, African, and Neotropical plants in the grass family.
Kazuno is a city located in Akita Prefecture, Japan. As of 30 April 2019, the city had an estimated population of 30.715, and a population density of 43 persons per km² in 12.970 households. The total area of the city is 707.52 square kilometres.
Sargodha District, is a district of Punjab, Pakistan. The capital of the district is Sargodha. It is an agricultural district, wheat, rice, and sugarcane being its main crops. The Sargodha district and region is also famous for citrus fruit including Kinnow, orange and lemon. The district has an area of 5,864 km².
LÉ Aoife (P22) of the Irish Naval Service, now known as P62 of the Maritime Squadron of the Armed Forces of Malta, was built as an offshore patrol vessel in 1978.
The Church of Saint Mary of Pulcherada, most commonly known as Pulcherada Abbey was an abbey now serving as a Roman Catholic church located in San Mauro Torinese near Turin, Italy.
Kieran James Ricardo Gibbs is an English professional footballer who plays as a left back for Premier League club West Bromwich Albion and the English national team.
"Mallasamudram is a very small village in Thiruchengode taluk, Namakkal district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Mallasamudram is also known as ""Mallai village"", ""Mallai"", Mallasamudram is about 38 km from Salem on the Salem - Tiruchengode Road, via Attayampatti. It has an average elevation of 22048 metres."
Chevresis-Monceau is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Smock Historic District is a national historic district located at Franklin Township and Menallen Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania. The district includes 177 contributing buildings, 4 contributing sites, 7 contributing structures, and 1 contributing object in the coal mining community of Smock. Most of the contributing buildings and structures were built between the 1880s and 1923. They include the extractive and archaeological remains of Colonial Mines No. 1 and 2 and related coke operations, 109 company built dwellings, the Redstone Creek bridge, and the Smock War Monument. Other buildings include three schools, the company store, three churches, and a movie theater.
Volia is an extinct genus of mekosuchine crocodylian from Fiji. It was around 2–3 metres long. Notwithstanding its comparatively small size, it was probably the apex predator of the Pleistocene ecosystems of Fiji.
The Bradford Canal was a 3.5-mile English canal which ran from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal at Shipley into the centre of Bradford. It opened in 1774, and was closed in 1866, when it was declared to be a public health hazard. Four years later it reopened with a better water supply, and closed for the second time in 1922. It was subsequently filled in, although consideration has been given to restoring it. There are some remains, including a short section of canal at the junction and a pumping station building, which is now a dwelling.
St Peter's Church in Stanley, Wakefield, West Yorkshire, England was a Church of England church. The church opened in 1824, closed in 2001 and after falling into disrepair was demolished in 2014.
Otto van Veen, also known by his Latinized name Otto Venius or Octavius Vaenius, was a painter, draughtsman, and humanist active primarily in Antwerp and Brussels in the late sixteenth and early seventeenth century. He is known for running a large studio in Antwerp, producing several emblem books, and for being, from 1594 or 1595 until 1598, Peter Paul Rubens's teacher. His role as a classically educated humanist artist, reflected in the Latin name by which he is often known, Octavius Vaenius, was influential on the young Rubens, who would take on that role himself.
Neuchâtel or Neuchatel is a town, a municipality, and the capital of the Swiss canton of Neuchâtel on Lake Neuchâtel.
Klášterská Lhota is a village and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality covers an area of 3 km² and as of 2019 it had an estimated population of 233. Among its notable monuments is the timber-framed Chapel of Holy Trinity from 1825.
Skaun Church is a parish church in Skaun municipality in Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located in the village of Skaun. It is the church for the Skaun parish which is part of the Orkdal prosti in the Diocese of Nidaros.
Riojasuchus is an extinct genus of Late Triassic quadrupedal crurotarsan archosaur. Riojasuchus is a member of Ornithosuchidae, a family of facultatively bipedal carnivores that were geographically widespread during the Late Triassic. Two other genera, Ornithosuchus and Venaticosuchus, are currently known. The holotype specimen is PVL 3827. It was found in the Los Colorados Formation of the Ischigualasto-Villa Unión Basin in northwestern Argentina.
Vestre Bokn is an island in Bokn municipality in Rogaland county, Norway. The 36-square-kilometre island is the main island of the municipality. It lies on the northern side of the Boknafjorden at the southern end of the Karmsundet strait. Vestre Bokn lies between the islands of Karmøy and Austre Bokn and Ognøya. The main population centre on the island is the village of Føresvik, the administrative centre of the whole municipality. There are about 661 inhabitants on the island.
Saskatoon West is a federal electoral district in Saskatchewan, Canada, that was represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1979 to 1988, and again in 2015.
Mike Carlucci is an American actor and professional sports announcer. He is best known for his work as a P.A. announcer for the Los Angeles Dodgers, the Anaheim Ducks, several Olympics, and the Los Angeles Kings, as well as various sports video games for Sony Computer Entertainment including MLB: The Show. He is also a stand-up comedian. Carlucci is a member of The TV Academy of Arts & Sciences, and won a Society of Voice Arts & Sciences award for his work on Call of Duty: Black Ops III. He is also the President of the Part-Time faculty union at the Coast College District; Coast CCA.
Robert Mehmet Manuel is a former professional baseball relief pitcher. He pitched parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball for the Cincinnati Reds and Boston Red Sox.
The Quantock Hills west of Bridgwater in Somerset, England, consist of heathland, oak woodlands, ancient parklands and agricultural land. They were England's first Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, designated in 1956.
Sullivan County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2010, 21,475 people lived there. The county seat is Sullivan.
Thomas Spencer Forsaith, JP, was a New Zealand politician and an Auckland draper. According to some historians, he was the country's second premier, although a more conventional view states that neither he nor his predecessor should properly be given that title.
St. Patrick's Roman Catholic Church is a historic church built in 1925 in Racine, Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 for its architectural significance.
Hookstown is a borough in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 147 at the 2010 census.
Plainfield is a town in Guilford, Liberty, and Washington townships, Hendricks County, Indiana, United States. The population was 27,631 at the 2010 census, and in 2019 the estimated population was 35,287.
Socodor is a commune in Arad County, Romania. The commune is situated in the western part of the Criul Alb Plateau and it stretches over 11260 ha. It is composed of a single village, Socodor, situated at 48 km from Arad.
Eugen Waldemar Schauman was a Swedish speaking Finnish nationalist and nobleman who assassinated the Governor-General Nikolai Ivanovich Bobrikov.
Paul Zachary Myers is an American biologist who founded and writes the Pharyngula science-blog. He is associate-professor of biology at the University of Minnesota Morris where he works in the field of developmental biology. He is a critic of intelligent design, the creationist movement, and other pseudoscientific concepts.
HMP Bristol is a Category B men's prison, located in the Horfield area of Bristol. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
Russell is a town in Sheboygan County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 399 at the 2000 census. It is included in the Sheboygan, Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area. The unincorporated community of Hulls Crossing is in the town, as is part of the unincorporated community of St. Anna.
Sandra Morán Reyes is a Guatemalan politician, who was elected to the Congress of Guatemala in the 2015 election. An out lesbian, she is noted as the first out LGBT person ever elected to the national legislature in Guatemala. She is a member of Convergence, a new progressive party which had two other members elected to the assembly.
Kores is a brand of school and office products best known for solid glue sticks, dry correction tapes and Kolores coloured pencils. Kores was founded in 1887 by Wilhelm Koreska, the great-grandfather of Clemens Koreska, the current president of Kores Group. The worldwide HQ of Kores is based in Vienna, Austria and its main offices are in Czech Republic, Germany, Mexico, Colombia and Venezuela. Kores has 2 key production facilities in Mexico City and Strmilov.
Liu Zhi, or Liu Chih, was a Chinese Sunni Hanafi-Maturidi scholar of the Qing dynasty, belonging to the Huiru school of Neoconfucian thought. He was the most prominent of the Han Kitab writers who attempted to explain Muslim thought in the Chinese intellectual climate for a Hui Chinese audience, by frequently borrowing terminologies from Buddhism, Taoism and most prominently Neoconfucianism and aligning them with Islamic concepts. He was from the city of Nanjing. His magnum opus, T'ien-fang hsing-li or 'Nature and Principle in the Direction of Heaven', was considered the authoritative exposition of Islamic beliefs and has been republished twenty-five times between 1760 and 1939, and is constantly referred to by Muslims writing in Chinese.
Helicopter Maritime Strike Squadron SEVEN TWO was originally established as Helicopter Anti-Submarine Squadron Light FOUR TWO on October 5, 1984, at Naval Station Mayport. For 28 years, Proud Warriors of HSL-42, consisting of 10 combat ready detachments, deployed in an expeditionary construct aboard United States Naval cruisers, destroyers and frigates, flying the SH-60B while supporting independent deployer, Amphibious Ready Group, and Carrier Strike Group operations around the globe. On January 15, 2013, HSL-42 was re-designated HSM-72 and relocated to Naval Air Station Jacksonville, reflecting the squadron’s shift from the SH-60B to the MH-60R, and departure from the expeditionary construct, entering the world of Carrier Air Wing operations.
The Victor Harbor railway line is a broad gauge line in South Australia. It branches from the Adelaide to Wolseley line at Mount Barker Junction and then runs south to Victor Harbor.
Vidai is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Saadia Zahidi is a Managing Director at the World Economic Forum. She heads the Forum’s Centre for the New Economy and Society. She co-authors the Forum's Future of Jobs, Global Gender Gap, Reskilling Revolution, and Global Human Capital Reports.
Hans Baur was Adolf Hitler's pilot during Hitler's political campaigns of the early 1930s. He later became Hitler's personal pilot and leader of the Reichsregierung squadron. Apprehended by the Soviet Union at the end of World War II in Europe, he was imprisoned in the USSR for ten years before being extradited to France on 10 October 1955, where he was imprisoned until 1957. He died in Herrsching, Bavaria, in 1993.
The Simsbury Center Historic District is a 75-acre historic district located in the town center area of Simsbury, Connecticut. It encompasses seven blocks of Hopmeadow Street, as well as the cluster of commercial, civic, and residential buildings along Railroad, Station, and Wilcox Streets, and Phelps Lane. Although its oldest element is the cemetery, most of its buildings were built in the late 19th and early 20th century. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
Snargate is a village near New Romney in Kent, England.
The Exaltation of the Holy Cross Church is a Catholic church, and a protected historical monument in the city of Tambov, Russia. It is in the Diocese of San Clemente a Saratov, and located at Kranstadtskaya 14. The church was begun in 1898 and was operating in 1903, although the finishing works continued for several more years. The church itself was built in the Gothic style, made of red brick, and richly decorated. Along with the church, a stone two-story house was built in which the Catholic charitable society, the library, and the abbot's quarters were located.
Klein-Venedig or Welserland was the most significant territory of the German colonization of the Americas, from 1528 to 1546, in which the Welser banking family of the Free Imperial City of Augsburg obtained colonial rights in the Province of Venezuela in return for debts owed by Emperor Charles V, who was also King of Spain. In 1528, Charles V gave the Welser a contract to explore, rule and colonize the area in his name with the primary motivation of searching for the legendary golden city of El Dorado. The venture was led at first by Ambrosius Ehinger, who founded Maracaibo in 1529. After the deaths of Ehinger and then his successor Georg von Speyer, Philipp von Hutten continued exploration in the interior, and in his absence from the capital of the province the crown of Spain claimed the right to appoint the governor. On Hutten's return to the capital, Santa Ana de Coro, in 1546, the Spanish governor Juan de Carvajal had von Hutten and Bartholomeus VI. Welser executed. King Charles I revoked Welser's charter.
Altona is a ghost town located in Pickering, Ontario, at Sideline 30 and the Pickering-Uxbridge Town Line. It is just east of Whitchurch-Stouffville, and was named after Altona, now a borough of Hamburg, Germany.
Starr Andrews is an American figure skater. She is the 2019 International Challenge Cup silver medalist, and the 2019 Egna Spring Trophy silver medalist.
Naujoji Vilnia is a neighborhood in eastern Vilnius, Lithuania situated along the banks of the Vilnia River. It has eldership status. According to the 2011 census, the municipality has a population of 31,933.
Eck Stadium is a baseball stadium in Wichita, Kansas, United States. It is located on the south side of 21st Street between Hillside and Oliver on the campus of Wichita State University in northeast Wichita.
Ash Vale is a railway station serving the village of Ash Vale in Surrey, England. It is situated at the junction of the London to Alton line and the Ascot to Guildford line, 32 miles 38 chains down the line from London Waterloo. The station and all trains serving it are operated by South Western Railway.
Christopher Apple House, also known as the Apple Farm House, is a historic home located in Lawrence Township, Marion County, Indiana. It was built in 1859, and is a two-story, four bay Federal style brick dwelling with Greek Revival style design elements. It has a side gable roof and 1 1/2-story rear wing.
The Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, also referred to as the Foreign Secretary, is a senior Minister of the Crown within the Government of the United Kingdom, and head of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office. As one of the four Great Offices of State, the Foreign Secretary is a senior member of the British Cabinet.
!!! is an American dance-punk band from Sacramento, California, formed in 1995 by lead singer Nic Offer. Members of!!! came from other local bands such as the Yah Mos, Black Liquorice and Pope Smashers. They are currently based in New York City. The band's eighth album, Wallop, was released in August 2019.
Caprie is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, about 35 kilometres west of Turin.
Bradfield is a village and civil parish in Berkshire, England. Aside from farms and a smaller amount of woodland its main settlements are Bradfield Southend, its medieval-founded nucleus and the hamlet of Tutts Clump.
Rick Wulle is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for SV Sandhausen.
"The Royal Hawaiian Hotel is a beachfront luxury hotel located in Waikiki in Honolulu, Hawaii, on the island of Oahu. One of the first hotels established in Waikiki, the Royal Hawaiian is considered one of the most luxurious and famous hotels in Hawaiian tourism, and in its 90-year history has been host to numerous celebrities and world dignitaries. The bright pink hue of its concrete stucco façade with its Spanish/Moorish styled architecture and prominent location on the wide sandy beach have earned it the alliterative nickname of ""The Pink Palace of the Pacific""."
Franekeradeel is a former municipality in the northern Netherlands. It was created in 1984 by combining an earlier Franekeradeel municipality with the city of Franeker and parts of the former municipality of Barradeel. On 1 January 2018 it merged with the municipalities of het Bildt, Menameradiel and parts of Littenseradiel to form the new municipality Waadhoeke.
Odontites luteus is a plant belonging to the genus Odontites in the family Orobanchaceae.
The Aztec sun stone is a late post-classic Mexica sculpture housed in the National Anthropology Museum in Mexico City, and is perhaps the most famous work of Aztec sculpture. Its complex design and intricate glyphic language reflect that the stone is the product of a highly sophisticated culture. It measures 358 centimetres in diameter and 98 centimetres thick, and weighs 24,590 kg. Shortly after the Spanish conquest, the monolithic sculpture was buried in the Zócalo, the main square of Mexico City. It was rediscovered on 17 December 1790 during repairs on the Mexico City Cathedral. Following its rediscovery, the sun stone was mounted on an exterior wall of the Cathedral, where it remained until 1885. Early scholars initially thought that the stone was carved in the 1470s, though modern research suggests that it was carved some time between 1502 and 1521.
Carl Breer was an American automotive industry engineer. Along with Fred M. Zeder and Owen Skelton, he was one of the core engineering people that formed the present day Chrysler Corporation. He made material contributions to Tourist Automobile Company, Allis-Chalmers, Studebaker, and was the moving engineer behind the Chrysler Airflow. He was inducted into the Automotive Hall of Fame.
Nankan is a town in Tamana District, Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan.
Ohrobec is a village and municipality in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
"Leila Aboulela is a Sudanese writer who lives in Great Britain and writes in English. Her most recent books are the novel Bird Summons and the short-story collection Elsewhere, Home which was the winner of the 2018 Saltire Fiction Book of the Year Award. Her novel The Kindness of Enemies, was inspired by the life of Imam Shamil, who united the tribes of the Caucasus to fight against Russian Imperial expansion. Aboulela's 2011 novel, Lyrics Alley, was Fiction Winner of the Scottish Book Awards and short-listed for a Regional Commonwealth Writers Prize. She is also the author of the novels The Translator and Minaret. All three novels were long-listed for the Orange Prize and the IMPAC Dublin Award. Leila Aboulela won the Caine Prize for African Writing for her short story ""The Museum"", included in the collection Coloured Lights, which went on to be short-listed for the Macmillan/Silver PEN award. Aboulela’s work has been translated into 15 languages and included in publications such as Harper's Magazine, Granta, The Washington Post and The Guardian."
Yonki Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam over the Ramu River that supports the Ramu 1 hydroelectric power plant and the Yonki Toe of Dam power plant.
Hurlach is a municipality in the district of Landsberg in Bavaria in Germany.
Lan Sang National Park is in the Dawna Range, Tak Province, northern Thailand. Established in 1979, it is an IUCN Category II protected area measuring 104 square kilometres. On the Tak-Mae Sot Highway in Mueang Tak District, it became the country's 15th national park.
RNLB Henry Blogg (ON 840) was the eighteenth lifeboat to be stationed at Cromer in the county of Norfolk.
The Diocese of Huesca is located in north-eastern Spain, in the province of Huesca, part of the autonomous community of Aragón. The diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Zaragoza.
The National Museum of Japanese History, commonly known in Japanese as Rekihaku, is a history museum in Sakura, Chiba, Japan. The museum was founded in 1981 as an inter-university research consortium, and opened in 1983. The collections of museum focus on the history, archaeology, and folk culture of Japan.
George Villiers, 1st Duke of Buckingham, KG, was an English courtier, statesman, and patron of the arts. Despite a patchy political and military record, Buckingham remained at the height of royal favour for the first three years of the reign of King Charles I, until a disgruntled army officer assassinated him.
Lê c Anh was a Vietnamese politician and general who served as the fourth President of Vietnam from 1992 to 1997. He previously led the Vietnamese forces in Cambodia throughout the 1980s. He was regarded as a conservative who advocated maintaining tight party control over domestic policies.
Jonathan Bamba is a French professional footballer who plays as a winger for Ligue 1 club Lille OSC. Bamba is of Ivorian descent.
Mairie de Clichy is a station on Line 13 of the Paris Métro. Located on the line's northwestern branch, it is situated under Rue Matre in the commune of Clichy, Hauts-de-Seine.
Sofitel Frankfurt Opera is a luxury hotel in Frankfurt, Germany. It is part of the French Sofitel chain of luxury hotels, and is located in the Opera Quarter and in the centre of the central business district known unofficially as the Bankenviertel, in the Inner City district. The hotel is facing the Opera Square with the Old Opera on one side, the upmarket street Hochstraße on another side and the Wallanlagen park on the third side.
Ville-le-Marclet is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
The red-shouldered vanga is a member of the vanga family endemic to south-west Madagascar.
Gibson's Covered Bridge, also known as Harmony Hill Bridge, is a historic wooden covered bridge located in East Bradford Township and West Bradford Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania. It is a 78-foot-long Burr truss bridge, constructed in 1872. It has stepped portals and horizontal clapboard siding. It crosses the East Branch Brandywine Creek.
The 2018 United States Senate election in Massachusetts took place on November 6, 2018. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren ran for reelection to a second term. The candidate filing deadline was June 5, 2018, and the primary election was held on September 4, 2018.
Caselle Landi is a comune in the Province of Lodi in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 70 kilometres southeast of Milan and about 35 kilometres southeast of Lodi.
Amos Lee is an American singer-songwriter whose musical style encompasses folk, rock, and soul. He was born in Philadelphia and graduated from the University of South Carolina with a degree in English. After working as a schoolteacher and bartender he began to pursue a career in music. His manager Bill Eib, an artist manager and new artist development agent, submitted a demo recording to Blue Note Records which resulted in a recording contract and association with singer Norah Jones.
DMBMPP, or 2--6-piperidine, is a 2-benzylpiperidine analog of the hallucinogenic N-benzylphenethylamine 25B-NBOMe and was discovered in 2011 by Jose Juncosa in the group of David E. Nichols at Purdue University. DMBPP differs from 25B-NBOMe by having a piperidine ring conformed to the amine, making for a more rigid molecular structure than that of the open-chain 25B-NBOMe. The presence of the piperidine ring introduces two stereocenters, thus, four stereoisomers of this compound can be made.
Diane Gifford-Gonzalez is an American archaeologist who specializes in the field of zooarchaeology. Her research has included fieldwork near Lake Turkana, northwestern Kenya, and her research often touches on the question of animal domestication and the origins and development of African pastoralism.
San Jose Airport, formerly known as McGuire Field, is an airport serving the general area of San Jose, Occidental Mindoro in the Philippines. It is one of three airports in Occidental Mindoro, the others being Mamburao Airport and Lubang Airport. The airport is classified as a Principal class 1 domestic airport by the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines, an agency of the Department of Transportation that is responsible for the operations of not only this airport but also of all other airports in the Philippines, except the major international airports.
Alan Keith Branch is a former American football defensive tackle. He was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the second round of the 2007 NFL Draft and has also played for the Seattle Seahawks, Buffalo Bills, and New England Patriots. He played college football at Michigan.
Sant Julià de Vilatorta is a municipality in the comarca of Osona in
íha is a village and municipality in Klatovy District in the Plze Region of the Czech Republic.
Woodford Halse railway station stood on the Great Central Railway main line, the last main line to be built from the north of England to London. The station opened with the line on 15 March 1899 under the name Woodford and Hinton and served the adjacent villages of Woodford Halse to the east and Hinton to the west, both in Northamptonshire. The station was renamed Woodford Halse on 1 November 1948.
Montigny-sur-Chiers is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.
Tanith Maxwell is a female South Africa runner who has competed over distances ranging from 10 km to the marathon. She represented South Africa at the 2006 Commonwealth Games, Australia, 2007 All Africa Games, Algiers, 2007 World Athletic Championship, Japan, 2009 World Athletic Championship, Germany, 2010 World Athletic Championship, Korea, and the 2012 Summer Olympics, London, running in the marathon.
Ergaki is a mountain range in the Western Sayan Mountains in southern Siberia, Russia.
James Gerard was a Clergyman and Warden of Wadham College, Oxford.
Matsubushi is a town located in Saitama Prefecture, Japan. As of 1 February 2016, the town had an estimated population of 29,946, and a population density of 1850 persons per km². Its total area is 16.20 square kilometres.
Fragoso is a Portuguese freguesia, located in the concelho of Barcelos. The population in 2011 was 2,193, in an area of 12.59 km².
Tsebrykove is an urban-type settlement with some 2,900 inhabitants in the Velyka Mykhailivka Raion, Odessa Oblast in Ukraine. It is located about 80 km east of Tiraspol and about 140 km northwest of Odessa. Population: 2,854
The Hattie O. and Henry Drake Octagon House, built c. 1893, is an octagonal house located at 605 3rd Street, South West, in Huron, South Dakota. The home's most unusual feature may be its mansard roof.
The eastern red bat is a species of microbat in the family Vespertilionidae. Eastern red bats are widespread across eastern North America, with additional records in Bermuda.
Gellenoncourt is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.
The striped dolphin is an extensively studied dolphin found in temperate and tropical waters of all the world's oceans. It is a member of the oceanic dolphin family, Delphinidae.
Midnight Raver was a website dedicated solely to the promotion and preservation of roots reggae, culture, and dub. Contributors include authors and journalists, historians, record producers, broadcasters, lecturers, archivists, collectors and publishers.
"The Vietnamese Airborne Division was one of the earliest components of the Republic of Vietnam Military Forces. The Vietnamese Airborne Division began as companies organized in 1948, prior to any agreement over armed forces in Vietnam. After the partition of Vietnam, it became a part of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam. This division had its distinct origins in French-trained paratrooper battalions, with predecessor battalions participating in major battles including Dien Bien Phu and retained distinct uniforms and regalia. With the formation of an independent republic, the colonial paratroopers were dissolved, however regalia and aesthetics alongside the nickname ""Bawouans"" would be retained.
Ricardo Triviño is a Mexican rally driver and multiple champion of NACAM Rally Championship.
Río Grande is a barrio in the municipality of Morovis, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 594.
Sacred Heart is a small unincorporated community in Pottawatomie County, Oklahoma, United States. Established in 1879 by Father Isidore Robot as a Catholic mission on the old Pottawatomie reserve, it was originally named Sacred Heart Mission. The name was changed to Sacred Heart in 1888, shortly before the area was opened to settlement by non-Indians.
John Davenport was a United States Representative from Connecticut.
Lake Kulundinskoye is located on the southern edge of the much larger West Siberian Plain of south-central Russia. This lake, along with many other lakes in the region, exhibits a wide array of colors. The variations in color suggest that each lake is at a different stage of eutrophication. The lake immediately south of Lake Kulundinskoye is mauve-colored, contrasting with the oval, dark blue lake along the northwest edge of the photograph. Two deltas can be observed along the eastern side of Lake Kulundinskoye. The white areas are probably salty minerals that were deposited on the surface as water evaporated, since there are no outlets, rendering the water hypersaline, with a mineralization of 111.5 g/l, suitable for a native population of brine shrimp. A well-established shelter belt system runs generally north-south along the eastern side of Lake Kulundinskoye to form a manmade barrier to help protect against wind erosion. The cultivated field patterns are large and basically rectangular in shape.
Eucalyptus cretata, commonly known as Darke Peak mallee or chalky mallee, is a species of mallee or, rarely, a small, straggly tree and is endemic to a restricted part of South Australia. It has smooth whitish and grey bark, lance-shaped adult leaves, glaucous flower buds in groups of seven, white flowers and cup-shaped to barrel-shaped or conical fruit.
Maine South High School is a public four-year high school located in Park Ridge, Illinois, a northwest suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States. It is part of Maine Township High School District 207, which also includes Maine East High School and Maine West High School.
The Maryborough Military & Colonial Museum is a non-profit museum located at 106 Wharf Street,
Camilla d'Errico is a Canadian comic book illustrator, painter and visual artist.
"Schizothorax is a genus of cyprinid fish found in southern and western China, through northern South Asia and Central Asia, to Iran, with a single species, S. prophylax, in Turkey. They are primarily found in highland rivers, streams and lakes, although a few species occur in lower-lying locations, like Lake Balkhash and lakes of the Sistan Basin. Their scientific name means ""cloven-breast"", from Ancient Greek schízeïn ""to cleave"" and thórax ""breast-plate"". The western species are typically referred to as marinkas from their Russian name marinka, while the eastern species are usually called snowtrout. Although they do resemble trouts in habitus this is merely due to convergent evolution and they are by no means closely related apart from both being Teleostei: Cyprinids are in the teleost superorder Ostariophysi, while trouts are in the superorder Protacanthopterygii. Their ancestors must thus have diverged as early as the Triassic, more than 200 million years ago.
SS Noronic was a passenger ship that was destroyed by fire in Toronto Harbour in September 1949 with the loss of at least 118 lives.
Ruth Helena Anhava was a prolific Finnish poet, author and translator. Her translations include novels, plays, lyrics and dozens of auditions.
Newark is a city of Delaware in the United States. It is in New Castle County, which is in the north part of the state. The city has the University of Delaware. Newark had 28,547 people in 2000.
The Saticoy Oil Field is an oil and gas field in Ventura County, California, in the United States. The field is a long narrow band paralleling the Santa Clara River near the town of Saticoy. Discovered in 1955, it is one of the smaller but productive fields found in the region after most of the large fields had already been operational for decades. At the beginning of 2009 it still contained an estimated 387,000 barrels of recoverable oil out of its original 23.5 million, and had 15 wells remaining in operation. Vintage Production, a subsidiary of Occidental Petroleum, was the primary operator on the field as of 2009.
Bård Frydenlund is the director at Eidsvoll 1814 in Norway. He is the former CEO at Næs Jernverksmuseum.
Joe Canning is an Irish hurler who plays for Galway Senior Championship club Portumna and at inter-county level with the Galway senior hurling team. He currently lines out as a centre-forward.
Ingle Hall is a landmark building in Hobart, Tasmania on the corner of Macquarie and Argyle Streets. It has served numerous purposes over its history and is vacant; it was most recently used as The Mercury print museum. It is unknown when the building was built as it predates any government record holding by the state of Tasmania, which began in 1822. It is named for John Ingle, one of the two possible first inhabitants of the building.
County Hospital, Durham was a mental health facility in Durham. It closed in 2010 after services were moved to the Lanchester Road Hospital on the outskirts of the city. It was managed by the Tees, Esk and Wear Valleys Foundation NHS Trust.
Salt Creek Township is one of nine townships in Decatur County, Indiana. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,179 and it contained 483 housing units.
Littorinoidea are a superfamily of both sea snails and land snails which have a gill and an operculum, terrestrial and marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Littorinimorpha.
The Spartan C3 is an American three-seat open-cockpit utility biplane from the late 1920s.
Stanislav Galiev is a Russian professional ice hockey right winger who is currently playing for Ak Bars Kazan in the Kontinental Hockey League. He previously played for the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League.
Sharon is a city in Steele County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 96 at the 2010 census. Sharon was founded in 1896.
The 10th (Magdeburg) Hussars Regiment were a Prussian Light cavalry regiment of the IV Corps that was formed in late 1813 during the War of the Sixth Coalition against Napoleon after the Battle of Leipzig. The Hussars were a distinctively dressed light cavalry of East European origin. The 10th Hussars were stationed from 1814 to 1884 in Aschersleben and after 1884 in Stendal. They fought in 1866 at the Battle of Königgrätz and later in World War I.
"Mohammed ""Moa"" Abdellaoue is a retired Norwegian footballer who played as a forward. He started his career with Skeid and Vålerenga before moving to Germany where he played for Hannover 96 and VfB Stuttgart. After returning to Vålerenga he ended his career due to knee problems. At international level, Abdellaoue represented the Norway national team. His younger brother striker Mustafa Abdellaoue, known as ""Mos"", is also a professional footballer who plays as a striker."
HMS Folkestone was a Hastings-class sloop of the Royal Navy that saw action in World War II. She was built by Swan Hunter and Wigham Richardson Ltd. of Wallsend-on-Tyne, laid down on 21 May 1929 and launched on 12 February 1930. She was commissioned on 25 June 1930 under the pennant number L22/U22.
Radešínská Svratka is a village and municipality in Žár nad Sázavou District in the Vysoina Region of the Czech Republic.
Mondrainville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy région in northwestern France.
Dum Dum is a station of the Kolkata Metro. The metro station adjoins the platforms of the Dum Dum railway station where connections can be made with Indian Railways services.
Kurofune was an American-bred, Japanese-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire who won Grade 1 races on both turf and dirt. He showed promising form as a juvenile in 2000 when he won two of four races and ran third in a very strong edition of the Radio Tampa Hai Sansai Stakes. In the following year he took the Mainichi Hai and the NHK Mile Cup in spring on turf before being switched to dirt racing in late autumn and winning the Musashino Stakes and the Japan Cup Dirt. He won six of his ten races, four of them in track record times, before his track career was ended by injury. After his retiremet from racing he became a very successful breeding stallion.
Ernesta Legnani Bisi was an Italian painter and engraver.
The Captain John Mawdsley House, located at 228 Spring Street, is one of the oldest houses in Newport, Rhode Island.
"Barbora ""Bára"" Basiková is a Czech singer and actress. She was named Female Singer of the Year at the 1991 Andl Awards. In 2002, she performed the title role in the famous Czech musical, Kleopatra, at Prague's Broadway Theatre. Basiková placed third in the 1987 Zlatý slavík for female singer behind Petra Jan and Iveta Bartošová."
National Route 203 is a national highway of Japan connecting Karatsu, Saga and Saga, Saga in Japan, with a total length of 47.3 km.
Kim Hee-jung is a South Korean actress. She made her acting debut in 2000 as a child actress, playing the titular character in Kkokji. As Kim reached her early twenties, one of her notable roles was Gwanghae's queen consort in the 2014 period drama The King's Face. In May 2016, Kim signed with YG Entertainment. In August 2019, she left YG Entertainment and signed with Sublime Artist Agency. She is also a member of the South Korean female dance crew Purplow, known by the stage name Bibi.
Morgantown Historic District is a national historic district located near Marshall, Fauquier County, Virginia. It encompasses 7 contributing buildings and 2 contributing sites in the Reconstruction-era African-American rural village of Morgantown. The district contains four dwellings, the Mount Nebo Baptist Church, an abandoned Morgantown School, a meat house, the ruins of an outbuilding, and a cemetery.
Tornesch is a town in the district of Pinneberg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is situated approximately 7 km southeast of Elmshorn, and 25 km northwest of Hamburg. Tornesch is also the home of the Klaus-Groth-Schule, named after the German poet Klaus Groth. It is also home to the Fritz-Reuter-Schule, named after German writer Fritz Reuter.
Psechridae is a family of araneomorph spiders with about 70 species in two genera. These are among the biggest cribellate spiders with body lengths up to 2 centimetres and funnel webs more than 1 metre in diameter.
Cimarron Hills is a census-designated place in El Paso County, Colorado, United States. The population was 16,161 at the 2010 census. The CDP is unincorporated, and it, along with a small industrial and residential area which lies east of Marksheffel Rd., are completely surrounded by the city of Colorado Springs, while not actually being part of the city.
Lamar County is a county located in the U.S. state of Texas, in the Northeast Texas region. As of the 2010 census, its population was 49,891. Its county seat is Paris. The county was formed by the Congress of the Republic of Texas on December 17, 1840 and organized the next year. It is named for Mirabeau Buonaparte Lamar, the second president of the Republic of Texas.
Aiyawatt 'Top' Srivaddhanaprabha, is a Thai businessman, the CEO and the Chairman of King Power, and the chairman of Leicester City Football Club and OH Leuven. On Forbes' 2020 World’s Billionaires List he was one of the five youngest billionaires in Asia.
The Piccadilly line is a line of the London Underground. It is coloured dark blue on the Tube map. It is the fifth busiest line on the Underground network judged by the number of passengers transported per year. It is mainly a deep-level line, running from the north to the west of London via Zone 1. However, there are a number of surface sections mostly in its westernmost parts. Out of the 53 stations served, 25 are underground. It is the second longest line on the system, after the Central Line.
Krasna Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemodlin, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres west of Niemodlin and 31 km west of the regional capital Opole.
Sophie Elisabeth of Brandenburg was a Princess of Brandenburg by birth and by marriage Duchess of Saxe-Altenburg.
The Chinese highland shrew is a species of shrew in the family Soricidae. It is found in China.
Jeff Bates, also known as hemos, is the co-founder of Slashdot along with Rob Malda. Bates graduated from Holland Christian High School in 1994 and received a Bachelor's degree in History from Hope College in 1998.
Caotang Temple is a Buddhist temple located on the north hillside of Mount Guifeng, in Huyi District of Xi'an, Shaanxi, China.
The George W. Bush Presidential Center, which opened on April 25, 2013, is a complex that includes former United States President George W. Bush's presidential library and museum, the George W. Bush Policy Institute, and the offices of the George W. Bush Foundation. It is located on the campus of Southern Methodist University in University Park, Texas, near Dallas. It will be the future resting place of George W. Bush, the 43rd President of the United States, and his wife Laura Bush.
Andrzej Ndza-Kubiniec is a Polish biathlete. He competed in the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Alysicarpus vaginalis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family, Fabaceae. It is native to parts of Africa and Asia, and it has been introduced to other continents, such as Australia and the Americas. It is cultivated as a fodder for livestock, for erosion control, and as a green manure. Common names include alyce clover, buffalo clover, buffalo-bur, one-leaf clover, and white moneywort.
"Bernard Richard ""Bernie"" Goldberg is an American author, journalist, and political pundit. Goldberg has won fourteen Emmy Awards and was a producer, reporter and correspondent for CBS News for twenty-eight years and a paid contributor for Fox News for ten years. He is best-known for his on-going critiques of journalism practices in the United States - as described in his first book published in 2001, Bias: A CBS Insider Exposes How the Media Distort the News. He is a correspondent for Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel on HBO."
Crowborough is a town in Wealden, East Sussex, England. In 2001 there were 19,939 people living in Crowborough. It is on the Weald and at the edge of Ashdown Forest.
The ARP Quadra was a 61 key analog synthesizer produced by ARP Instruments, Inc. from 1978 to 1981. The machine combined pre-existing products: the Omni, Odyssey, a Solina-esque string synthesizer unit, a phaser and a divide-down organ with ADSR envelope, and a 4075 24 db low pass filter into one box. It has four sections. Bass is on the bottom two octaves, has two unison bass circuits, with AR and a single pole low pass filter and a related AD envelope for cutoff. A string section is similar to the ARP Omni. Poly Synth, and a two voice Lead Synth similar to the Odyssey and a five way mixer with four unit outputs, a stereo pair, a line mono and an XLR out.
RV Callista is a research vessel belonging to the School of Ocean and Earth Science, University of Southampton, at the National Oceanography Centre, Southampton. Callista is a 19.75-metre catamaran designed and equipped for a range of coastal and shelf research.
The Chin National Party is a political party in Burma, representing the interests of the Chin people. In the 2010 Burmese general election, CNP contested constituencies only in Chin State and won 9 total seats, 2 in the Pyithu Hluttaw, 2 in the Amyotha Hluttaw and 5 in regional hluttaws.
Draba aizoides is a species of Draba, known as yellow whitlow-grass. It is native to Europe where it is found on limestone rocks and walls. In the British Isles it is found only on the Gower peninsula.
The Chuy Valley is a large valley located in north Tian-Shan. It extends from Boom Gorge in the east to Muyunkum Desert in the west. It has an area of about 32,000 square kilometres, and borders Kyrgyz Ala-Too in the south, and Chu-Ili mountains in the north. Through Boom Gorge in the narrow east part Chuy Valley is linked with Issyk-Kul Valley. Chu River is the major stream of the valley.
Julio Antonio Olaizola Rodríguez is a Spanish former footballer who played as a left back.
Dara Rasami, The Princess consort, was a princess of Chiang Mai and Siam and the daughter of King Inthawichayanon of Chiang Mai and Queen Thip Keson of Chiang Mai descended from the Chet Ton Dynasty. She was one of the princess consorts of Chulalongkorn, King Rama V of Siam and gave birth to one daughter by King Chulalongkorn, Princess Vimolnaka Nabisi.
"Christian Nielsen is a Canadian politician who serves as the Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta for the provincial riding of Edmonton-Decore. He was elected in the 2015 Alberta election with 68% of the popular vote. Within the Legislature, Nielsen serves on a number of standing committees, such as the Standing Committee on Resource Stewardship. He was previously the deputy chair of the Standing Committee on the Alberta Heritage Savings Trust Fund, a committee devoted to oversight of Alberta's ""rainy day"" fund, built from past natural resource revenue."
Volkert Overlander was a Dutch noble, jurist, ship-owner, merchant and an Amsterdam regent from the Dutch Golden Age.
Forks Township is a township in Sullivan County, Pennsylvania, USA. The population was 377 at the 2010 census.
Arianna is a 164-foot full-displacement luxury megayacht designed and built by Delta Marine Group. Delivered in June 2012, Arianna has a 34-foot beam, 7,500 square feet of living space, and more than 822 gross tonnage, which makes Arianna the world's largest volume 50 m yacht. Arianna is equipped with twin Caterpillar 3512B engines that give her a cruising speed of 14.5 knots and a maximum speed of 16 knots. She carries 21,900 US gallons of fuel and has a range of over 5,000 nautical miles.
Chinatown Square is a two-story outdoor mall located in Chinatown, Chicago, a mile from the center of Chicago just north of the main Wentworth Avenue District. Chinatown Square, on 45 acres of reclaimed land from a former railroad yard, houses mostly restaurants, retail space, boutiques, banks, clinics, beauty shops, and a handful of offices. This outdoor mall is the largest Chinese mall in the US east of San Francisco and west of New York City. In the middle of the mall, there are statues of the twelve animals of the Chinese zodiac from Xiamen, China. Other landmarks in the mall include twin pagodas.
John Henry McDowell is a South African philosopher, formerly a Fellow of University College, Oxford and now University Professor at the University of Pittsburgh. Although he has written extensively on metaphysics, epistemology, ancient philosophy, and meta-ethics, McDowell's most influential work has been in the philosophy of mind and philosophy of language. McDowell was one of three recipients of the 2010 Andrew W. Mellon Foundation's Distinguished Achievement Award, and is a Fellow of both the American Academy of Arts & Sciences and the British Academy.
The Casimirianum in Neustadt an der Haardt was a Reformed academy, which was founded in 1578 by Count Palatine Johann Casimir and named after him. The Casimirianum endured only five years. Today the name is used for the restored historical building that the Casmirianum occupied.
Francis Bates Pond was a Republican politician from the state of Ohio. He was Ohio Attorney General from 1870 to 1874.
Robert Kee CBE was a British broadcaster, journalist and writer, known for his historical works on World War II and Ireland.
Amberg is a town in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the Oberpfalz, roughly half way between Regensburg and Bayreuth. Population: 44,200.
Thomas Holland, 1st Duke of Surrey, 3rd Earl of Kent, KG, Earl Marshal was an English nobleman and courtier.
Antti Ilmari Vilhelm Kurvinen is a Finnish politician currently serving in the Parliament of Finland for the Centre Party at the Vaasa constituency.
"Bruce Campbell is an American football offensive tackle who is a free agent. He was drafted by the Oakland Raiders in the fourth round of the 2010 NFL Draft. He played college football at Maryland. He is the son of the late former Providence College basketball great Bruce ""Soup"" Campbell.
Todd County is a county in the East Central part of the U.S. state of Minnesota. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 24,895. Its county seat is Long Prairie.
Soupir is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Elisavet Pesiridou is a Greek hurdler.
Gazipur is a city in central Bangladesh. It is located in the Gazipur District. It is a major industrial city at 25 KM north of the capital city of Dhaka. It is a hub for Garments Industry of Bangladesh.
Lacon is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is part of the Peoria, Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area
KLIA Transit is a commuter rail service which serves as an airport rail link to the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Malaysia. It runs from KL Sentral, the main railway station of Kuala Lumpur to KLIA as well as its low-cost terminal, klia2. The line is one of the two services on the Express Rail Link system, sharing the same tracks as the KLIA Ekspres. KLIA Transit stops at all stations along the line, whereas KLIA Ekspres runs an express, non-stop between KL Sentral and KLIA/klia2. The ERL is operated by Express Rail Link Sdn. Bhd.
Saint-Brice is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Jorge Alberto Francisco Valdano Castellanos is an Argentine former footballer, coach and the former general manager of Real Madrid. He was born in Las Parejas, Santa Fe Province, and played as a forward throughout his footballing career. He is currently working as a commentator for BeIN Sports.He had a major influence in Argentina's 1986 World Cup victory, including a goal in the final.
Isabel Losada is a British Author of narrative non-fiction. Her most recent full-length books combine humour with a serious look at their subject matters and are true-life accounts of her own experiences. She has one daughter and lives in Battersea, London.
Kalyanasundaresar Temple, Nallur or Thirunallur is a Hindu temple dedicated to the deity Shiva, located in Nallur, in the outskirts of Kumbakonam in Tamil Nadu, India. Shiva is worshiped as Kalyansundaresar, and is represented by the lingam. His consort Parvati is depicted as Girisundari. The presiding deity is revered in the 7th century Tamil Saiva canonical work, the Tevaram, written by Tamil saint poets known as the nayanars and classified as Paadal Petra Sthalam. The legend of the temple is associated with sage Agastya and Amaraneethi Nayanar, one of the 63 nayanars, the Tamil Saiva saints. The lingam in the temple is believed to change colours five times during the day time.
South Cadbury is a village in the civil parish of South Cadbury and Sutton Montis, in the South Somerset council area of the English county of Somerset. The parish includes the village of Sutton Montis.
Prince Esper Esperovich Ukhtomsky,    was a poet, publisher and Oriental enthusiast in late Tsarist Russia. He was a close confidant of Tsar Nicholas II and accompanied him whilst he was Tsesarevich on his Grand tour to the East.
Apple Creek is a village in East Union Township, Wayne County, Ohio, United States. The population was 1,173 at the 2010 census.
Zaboršt pri Dolu is a settlement in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The Upper Great Lakes severe weather outbreak of August 23, 1998 was a severe weather outbreak that affected parts of Wisconsin, and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. The outbreak occurred on August 23, 1998 and caused millions of dollars in damage to the region. One fatality is attributed to this severe weather event, when a severe thunderstorm knocked a tree onto a camper killing its sole occupant. A supercell spawned a F3 tornado that ripped across Door County causing $6.5 million in damages. It was the 8th most costly tornado in Wisconsin history injuring two people, destroying multiple structures and disrupting the regional economy and tourism. Two storms moved through the Fox Valley producing a minimal F0 tornado, but devastating amounts of hail. Damages from the hail were estimated to be around $5 million and damaged many structures and vehicles. Wisconsin Governor Tommy Thompson requested a Presidential Disaster Declaration from President Bill Clinton for the disaster, but was denied.
Surdila-Greci is a commune located in Brila County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Brateu Vechi, Furei-Sat, Horia and Surdila-Greci.
The Albanian Geological Survey is an advisory institution of the Albanian Government which carries out its activities in the field of land sciences throughout the territory of Albania.
Mansfield is a village in Piatt County, Illinois in the United States. The population was 906 at the 2010 census.
Pratima Bandopadhyay was a Bengali playback singer from Kolkata, who sang numerous songs in popular Bengali language movies and non-film as well, particularly during the 1950s, 60s and 70s. She was also known as Pratima Banerjee.
The Swetland Building is a building located in downtown Portland, Oregon, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
On March 23, 2019, several attacks by gunmen killed a reported 160 Fulani herders in central Mali. The violence came in the aftermath of the Malian government cracking down on Islamic terror cells in the country. Two villages, Ogossagou and Welingara, were particularly affected.
The Marais des Cygnes Massacre Site, also known as Marais des Cygnes Massacre Memorial Park, is a state historic site near Trading Post, Kansas, not far from the Missouri border. It is the site of the 1858 Marais des Cygnes massacre, one of the last major acts of violence in Bleeding Kansas before the American Civil War. The site, now managed by the Kansas Historical Society, is a National Historic Landmark.
The Fujinuma Dam, was an earth-fill embankment dam in Sukagawa City, Fukushima Prefecture, Japan. It was established on the Ebana River, a tributary of the Abukuma River, 16 km west of the city office of Sukagawa City. Construction on the dam commenced in 1937 and it was completed in 1949 after construction was halted due to World War II. The dam's primary purpose was irrigation. It failed on 11 March 2011 after the 2011 Thoku earthquake.
Ruaidhrí mac Raghnaill was a leading figure in the Kingdom of the Isles and a member of Clann Somhairle. He was a son of Raghnall mac Somhairle, and was the eponymous ancestor of Clann Ruaidhrí. Ruaidhrí may have become the principal member of Clann Somhairle following the annihilation of Aonghus mac Somhairle in 1210. At about this time, Ruaidhrí seems to have overseen a marital alliance with the reigning representative of the Crovan dynasty, Rgnvaldr Guðrøðarson, King of the Isles, and to have contributed to a reunification of the Kingdom of the Isles between Clann Somhairle and the Crovan dynasty.
The Central Military Band of the Ministry of Defense of Kazakhstan is a military music unit made for state ceremonies carried out by the Ministry of Defense of Kazakhstan.
Although the Kingdom of Bohemia, both of the Lusatias, the Margraviate of Moravia, and Silesia were all under Habsburg rule, they followed different paths of development. Moravians include Silesia had accepted the hereditary right of the Austrian Habsburgs to rule and thus escaped the intense struggle between native estates and the Habsburg monarchy that was to characterize Bohemian history. In contrast, the Bohemian Kingdom had entrenched estates that were ready to defend what they considered their rights and liberties. The Habsburgs pursued a policy of centralization and conflict arose, which was further complicated by ethnic and religious issues
Ludwig Strecker Jr., also Ludwig Strecker der Jüngere, was a German music publisher, and an author of opera librettos which he wrote under the pen name Ludwig Andersen. He authored, and published through the Schott publishing house, two of the most successful German contemporary operas of the 1930s, Egk's Die Zaubergeige and Reutter's Doktor Johannes Faust.
Play It Again, Sam is a 1969 Broadway play written by and starring Woody Allen. A substantial hit, it ran for more than a year and helped build Allen's reputation as a performer who could portray a comedic romantic lead as well as the neurotic persona for which he was best known at the time. The play became the basis for a 1972 film of the same name, starring Allen and directed by Herbert Ross.
1 Canadian Air Division is the operational-level command and control formation of the Royal Canadian Air Force. Prior to 2006 the official abbreviation for the division was 1 CAD. It is commanded by an air force major-general.
Kafr El Sheikh Governorate is one of the governorates of Egypt. It lies in the northern part of the country, along the western branch of the Nile in the Nile Delta. Its capital is the city of Kafr El Sheikh.
Lincoln Township is a township in Dallas County, Iowa, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 255.
Favara is a town and comune of south central Sicily, in the province of Agrigento, 8 kilometres north-east of Agrigento by road, with which it forms a conurbation.
Old Cooperative House of Rankovi Family is located in Draževac, a settlement in the territory of the city municipality of Obrenovac. The building is listed as a cultural monument.
Daisy Pearce is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Melbourne Football Club in the AFL Women's. Widely regarded as the face of women's Australian rules football and one of its first ambassadors, Pearce has served as Melbourne captain since the competition's inaugural season, having also captained the club in the exhibition games staged prior to the creation of the league. She also captained Darebin in the Victorian Women's Football League and VFL Women's from 2008 to 2016.
Nanjian Yi Autonomous County is a county in the Dali Bai Autonomous Prefecture located in the west central part of Yunnan province, China.
The P-120 Malakhit is a Russian medium range anti-ship missile used by corvettes and submarines. Introduced in 1972, it remains in service but has been superseded by the SS-N-22 Sunburn.
The University of Coimbra is a Portuguese public university in Coimbra, Portugal. Established in 1290 in Lisbon, it went through a number of relocations until it was moved permanently to its current city in 1537, being one of the oldest universities in continuous operation in the world, the oldest university of Portugal, and one of the country's largest museums of higher education and research institutions.
The Charles Ives House, also known as Charles Ives Birthplace, is located on Mountainville Avenue in Danbury, Connecticut, United States. It is a wooden frame structure built in 1780 and expanded on since. Over the course of the 19th century it was the residence of several generations of Iveses, a family important in the city's history. In 1874 it was the birthplace of Charles Ives, who became an internationally recognized composer in the early 20th century.
Tuitjenhorn is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Schagen. Tuitjenhorn was the main village of the former Harenkarspel municipality. Tuitjenhorn lies about 9 km northwest of Heerhugowaard.
Zomergem is a former municipality located in the Flanders and in the province of East Flanders, in Belgium. The municipality comprises the towns of Oostwinkel, Ronsele and Zomergem proper. On January 1, 2006, Zomergem had a total population of 8,011. The total area is 38.78 km² which gives a population density of 207 inhabitants per km².
"Charles Balic was a Croatian Franciscan Mariologist. Friar Charles Bali was a famous Theologian, specializing in the figure and works of John Duns Scotus, and Rector of the Pontifical University Antonianum of Rome. He was the founder of the Pontifical Academy of Mary and President of the International Scotistic Commission. He was the principal redactor in the editing of the chapter VIII of the Lumen gentium with ""De Beata"" redaction. He has been important for the ecumenical mariology. Balic is considered as one of the top representative of the ""Marian movement"" in the 20th century: his appointment was conclusive for the proclamation of the dogma of the assumption."
Jean-Manuel Thetis is a French former professional footballer who played 116 matches and scored 4 goals in Ligue 1 in the 1989–1997 period and played 22 matches and scored 2 goals for Marseille in Ligue 2 in the 1994–95 season. Thetis then went on to have a 3-year spell at Ipswich Town. At Ipswich he scored important winners in two 1–0 league victories against Tranmere Rovers and West Bromwich Albion. He also scored once for Ipswich in the League Cup against Luton Town. He then had a brief loan spell at Wolverhampton Wanderers in 2000, before joining Sheffield United in January 2001.
Absarokee is a census-designated place in Stillwater County, Montana, United States, approximately 14 miles south of Columbus on Highway 78. It is named after the Crow Indians who formerly inhabited the land. The population was 1,234 at the 2000 census. The Stillwater Mine, operated by the Stillwater Mining Company, is located near Absarokee.
Farnumsville Historic District is a historic district encompassing a historic mill village in Grafton, Massachusetts. It is located on the eastern bank of the Blackstone River, extending along Providence and Main Streets, roughly between Cross and Depot Streets, and radiating along those roads and adjacent streets. This area was one of Grafton's 19th century industrial mill villages, which was centered on the Farnum Mill, which first began operating in the second decade of the 19th century. The main mill building that survives dates to 1844, and the housing stock in the village is in a diversity of styles, built roughly between the 1820s and 1920s.
Ismael Urbain, also Ismayl Urbain was a French journalist and interpreter.
Bechamoun, is an area near Beirut in the Mount Lebanon Governorate of Lebanon. It has an elevation between 40 and 580 meters above sea level, 8 kilometers from Beiruit airport and Beirut downtown. Bechamoun's population exceeds 15,000
Mathea Dempfle-Olin is a Canadian surfer. As a 14 year old, she won Canada's first surfing medals in international competition with a gold and bronze at the 2017 Pan American Surf Games. Olin also won a bronze at the 2019 Pan American Games in Lima, Peru.
Royal Duc was a 104-gun ship of the line of the French Royal Navy. She was built at Brest Dockyard, designed and constructed by Laurent Hubac. Her name was altered to Reine on 24 June 1671. She took part in the two Battles of Schooneveldt on 7 and 13 June 1671 and the Battle of Texel on 21 August 1673, each time as flagship of Vice-Admiral Jean d'Estrées. She was condemned in April 1688, and broken up in the following month.
Matthew Lon Keough was an American professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball as a right-handed pitcher for the Oakland Athletics, New York Yankees, St. Louis Cardinals, Chicago Cubs and Houston Astros from 1977 through 1986. After his time in MLB, Keough pitched in Nippon Professional Baseball for the Hanshin Tigers for 4 seasons from 1987 through 1990. Keough batted and threw right-handed.
Sunnybrook Park is a large public park in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is located north of Leaside and south of the Bridle Path areas of the city. The park is home to many bike trails, dog parks, and Sunnybrook Stables.
The Toronto Transit Commission uses buses and other vehicles for public transportation. The TTC has more than 172 bus routes in operation, and served over 487 million riders each year in 2011. Most bus routes serve the suburban areas of the city, and are tightly integrated with the subway system, with free transfers between the two systems, and most suburban subway stations equipped with bus terminals located within the fare paid area. Several routes run into Downtown Toronto, where buses are less used and the area is instead served by the TTC's streetcar system.
The Axa Equitable Center is a 752-foot-tall skyscraper, located at 787 Seventh Avenue between 51st and 52nd Streets in Manhattan, New York City.
Romney Lock is a lock on the River Thames in England near Windsor and Eton, about half a mile downstream of Windsor Bridge. It is on the Windsor side of the river next to a boatyard and adjoins Romney Island, a long strip-shaped ait in the middle of the river. The first lock was built by the Thames Navigation Commission in 1798.
Lingfeng Temple is a Buddhist temple located in Taihuai Town of Wutai County, Xinzhou, Shanxi, China.
Lingeigh or Lingay is an unpopulated islet in the Outer Hebrides. It lies towards the southern end of the archipelago, just north of Rosinish and 5 kilometres south of Vatersay. There is a cave on the south-east side of the island.
Sinomammut is a proboscidean found in the Miocene of China. It was known from a single, fragmentary, mandible found in the 1990s. However, most of the specimen has been lost, leaving only the right ramus and an in-situ photograph of the mandible. The mandible was originally thought a gompothere closely related to Sinomastodon, but an analysis revealed it to actually be a mammutid that was a sister group to the well-known mastodon. It can be distinguished from the mastodon by its lack of lower tusks.
"The Confederate Monument, University of North Carolina, commonly known as Silent Sam, is a bronze statue of a Confederate soldier by Canadian sculptor John A. Wilson, which stood on the historic McCorkle Place of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill from 1913 until it was pulled down by protestors in 2018. Its former location has been described as ""the front door"" of the university and ""a position of honor"".
Netherlands Antilles competed at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, China between July 16 and 31, 2011.
Kopiko is an Indonesian brand of coffee confectioneries originally produced in Indonesia by Mayora Indah. It is named after the kpiko coffee bean, found in Hawaii.
Mystery Mine is a steel roller coaster located at Dollywood amusement park in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee. Manufactured by Gerstlauer, the Euro-Fighter model is heavily-themed as a haunted mining operation from the 19th century. The roller coaster was Dollywood's largest single investment in the park's history at the time, costing $17.5 million to construct. A large portion of the track is located indoor, where the ride utilizes a series of special effects. It was the first Gerstlauer Euro-Fighter installation in the United States and had the steepest drop of any coaster in North America at the time of its opening. The ride was installed by Ride Entertainment Group, who handles all of Gerstlauer's operations in the Western Hemisphere.
Major general Samuel Cockburn was a Scottish soldier in the service of Sweden. He was born around 1574 in Scotland. He entered Swedish service in 1598 where he participated in the Swedish civil war between Sigismund Vasa and Duke Karl Karl IX.
Robert Pierre René Marchand was a French hurdler. He competed in the 110 m event at the 1928 Summer Olympics, but failed to reach the final.
Poliske Raion is a raion in Kiev Oblast of Ukraine. Its administrative center is the urban-type settlement of Krasiatychi. Population: 5,926.
The South African Railways Class 10D 4-6-2 of 1910 was a steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in Transvaal.
The Ghost in the Garret is a 1921 American silent comedy film directed by F. Richard Jones and written by Fred Chaston and Wells Hastings. The film stars Dorothy Gish, Downing Clarke, Mrs. David Landau, William Parke Jr., Ray Grey, Walter P. Lewis, and Mary Foy. The film was released in February 1921, by Paramount Pictures. It is presumed to be a lost film. Dorothy Gish was the younger sister of the celebrated actress Lillian Gish, although she never became as popular as her sister.
Gorbatov is a town in Pavlovsky District of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located on the bank of the Oka River in the Meshchera Lowlands. Population: 2,278; 2,662; 3,552. It was previously known as Gorbatovo.
Gratiot is a village in Licking and Muskingum counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 221 at the 2010 census.
The Battle for Mosul Dam was a battle that took place in August 2014 between militants of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish Peshmerga forces, supported by Iraqi troops and U.S.-led Coalition airstrikes.
Heemskerk is a municipality and a town in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland. It is located in the Kennemerland region.
The Guards Armoured Division was an armoured division of the British Army during the Second World War. The division was created in the United Kingdom on 17 June 1941 during World War II from elements of the Guards units, the Grenadier Guards, Coldstream Guards, Scots Guards, Irish Guards, Welsh Guards, and the Household Cavalry.
The Rembrandt House Museum is a historic house and art museum in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. Painter Rembrandt lived and worked in the house between 1639 and 1656. The 17th-century interior has been reconstructed. The collection contains Rembrandt's etchings and paintings of his contemporaries. The museum had 237,383 visitors in 2014.
Sigmund Werner Paul Jähn was a German cosmonaut and pilot who in 1978 became the first German to fly into space as part of the Soviet Union's Interkosmos programme.
Kolt is a south-western suburb of Aarhus in Denmark. It is located about 9 km from the city centre.
"Mads André Hansen is a former Norwegian footballer, and a one-hit wonder with the single ""Sommerkroppen"". He has previously played for Lier, Strømsgodset, Fredrikstad and Mjøndalen.
The Camden Public Library is the public library serving Camden, Maine, United States.
The Jeffries Ford Covered Bridge was southwest of Bridgeton, Indiana, United States. The double-span Burr Arch covered bridge structure was built by J. A. Britton in 1915 and destroyed by arson on April 2, 2002.
Sharpsburg is a city in Taylor County, Iowa, United States. The population was 89 at the 2010 census.
Polyommatus thersites, the Chapman's blue, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in southern Europe, Morocco, Lebanon, Asia Minor, Iran and across the Palearctic to Siberia and Tian Shan.
Queen Street light rail station is situated on the corner of Wardoo Street and Queen Street in the Gold Coast suburb of Southport. The station is part of the Gold Coast's G:link light rail network and services the local residential community that surrounds the station.
Ferry County is a county located on the northern border of the U.S. state of Washington. As of the 2010 census, the population was 7,551, making it the fourth-least populous county in Washington. The county seat and largest city is Republic. The county was created out of Stevens County in February 1899 and is named for Elisha P. Ferry, the state's first governor.
Cheonan, also spelled Ch'nan, is a city in South Chungcheong, South Korea.
Ngaire Laun Joseph, known by her stage name Ngaiire, is a Papua New Guinea-born Australian-based R&B and future soul singer-songwriter. Her musical career commenced in 2003 with an enrolment in a bachelor of Jazz Studies at the Central Queensland University. In 2004, she competed in the second season of Australian Idol before working with Blue King Brown and Paul Mac, before re-focussing on her solo career in 2008.
Shaun Rogers is an American figure skater. He won silver medals at the 2007 Nebelhorn Trophy and 2008 Finlandia Trophy, two medals on the ISU Junior Grand Prix series, and placed eighth at the 2005 World Junior Championships.
R.E.M. was an American rock band from Athens, Georgia, formed in 1980 by drummer Bill Berry, guitarist Peter Buck, bassist Mike Mills, and lead vocalist Michael Stipe who were students at the University of Georgia. Liner notes from some of the band's albums list attorney Bertis Downs and manager Jefferson Holt as non-musical members. One of the first alternative rock bands, R.E.M. was noted for Buck's ringing, arpeggiated guitar style; Stipe's distinctive vocal quality, unique stage presence, and obscure lyrics; Mills's melodic basslines and backing vocals; and Berry's tight, economical drumming style. In the early 1990s, other alternative rock acts such as Nirvana and Pavement viewed R.E.M. as a pioneer of the genre. After Berry left the band in 1997, the band continued its career in the 2000s with mixed critical and commercial success. The band broke up amicably in 2011 with members devoting time on solo projects after having sold more than 90 million albums worldwide and becoming one of the world's best-selling music artists.
The Royal City of Dublin Hospital was a health facility on Baggot Street, Dublin, Ireland.
Arnaia is a town and a former municipality in Chalkidiki, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Aristotelis, of which it is a municipal unit. The municipal unit has an area of 288.739 km². Population 6,063. The History and Folklore Museum of Arnaia is located in the town.
Chaat is a term describing good snacks. Chaat is most likely to be found at road-side tracks from food carts in India, Pakistan, Nepal and Bangladesh. Chaat is made of fried dough, which can be filled with different ingredients. Chaat commonly contains pieces of potato, chickpeas, and spices.
Pantethine is a dimeric form of pantetheine, which is produced from pantothenic acid by the addition of cysteamine. Pantethine was discovered by Gene Brown, a PhD student at the time. Pantethine is two molecules of pantetheine linked by a disulfide bridge. Pantetheine is an intermediate in the production of coenzyme A by the body. Most vitamin B supplements are in the form of calcium pantothenate, a salt of pantothenic acid, with doses in the range of 5 to 10 mg/day. In contrast, pantethine is sold as a dietary supplement for lowering blood cholesterol and triglycerides at doses of 500 to 1200 mg/day.
"The Stig is a character on the British motoring television show Top Gear. The character is a play on the anonymity of racing drivers' full-face helmets, with the running joke that nobody knows who or what is inside the Stig's racing suit. The Stig's primary role is setting lap times for cars tested on the show. Previously, he would also instruct celebrity guests, off-camera, for the show's ""Star in a Reasonably Priced Car"" segment.
"The Om is a river in the south of the Western Siberian plains in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Irtysh. It is 1,091 kilometres long, and has a drainage basin of 52,600 square kilometres. It rises in the Vasyugan Swamp at the border of Novosibirsk and Tomsk oblasts. The name is probably from the word om ""quiet"" in the language of the Baraba Tatars. The city of Omsk is situated at the confluence of Om and Irtysh. The main tributaries are the Icha, Kama and Tartas."
Venice is a residential, commercial, and recreational beachfront neighborhood of the City of Los Angeles, California. This urban region of coastal Los Angeles County is known locally as the Westside.
Ann-Kathrin Linsenhoff is a German equestrian and Olympic champion. She won a gold medal in team dressage at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
Noble Consort Wan, of the Han Chinese Chen clan, was a consort of the Qianlong Emperor. She was six years his junior.
"Atibaia is a Brazilian municipality in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. The name is derived from an indigenous language called Tupi, and means ""healthy water river"". Its name has changed over time, from the primitive Tupi word Tybaia, to Thibaia, Atubaia, Thibaya, and finally the city's modern name, Atibaia.
School Lane station is SEPTA Route 101 trolley station in Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania. It is located on School Lane west of Edmonds Avenue. The station is next to Grace Lutheran Church on the northwest corner of the aforementioned intersection.
The Austin A40 Farina is a small, economy car introduced by Austin in saloon and A40 Countryman estate versions. It has a two-box body configuration. It was badged, like many before it, as an A40, consistent with Austin's naming scheme at the time, based on the approximate engine output in horsepower; and to distinguish it from other A40 models, it was also given a suffix name – this one being the Farina, so named, reflecting the all-new design by Italian Battista Farina's Pinin Farina Turin studio.
"The Church and Convent of Saint Antony is a 17th-century Roman Catholic church located in Cairu, Bahia, Brazil. It was consecrated in 1650, but construction on the complex probably began at the beginning of the century. The church building is noted for its elaborate façade and numerous Franciscan architectural elements. It covers 3,215 square metres. The church was listed as a historic structure by the National Historic and Artistic Heritage Institute in 1941. The architect Mário Mendonça de Oliveira calls the convent and church ""one of the most outstanding existing examples of Brazilian religious architecture and Franciscan architecture."""
Baccio D'Agnolo, born Bartolomeo Baglioni, was an Italian woodcarver, sculptor and architect from Florence.
Nick Percat is an Australian racing driver who currently races in the Virgin Australia Supercars Championship, driving for Brad Jones Racing in the No. 8 Holden ZB Commodore. He won the Bathurst 1000 at his first attempt, co-driving for Garth Tander for the Holden Racing Team. Percat attended Sacred Heart College in South Australia.
Étang de Lacanau is a lake in Lacanau, Gironde, France. Its surface area is 19.85 km²
Richard Allen Epstein is an American legal scholar known for his writings on subjects such as torts, contracts, property rights, law and economics, classical liberalism, and libertarianism. Epstein is currently the Laurence A. Tisch Professor of Law and director of the Classical Liberal Institute at New York University, the Peter and Kirsten Bedford Senior Fellow at the Hoover Institution, and the James Parker Hall Distinguished Service Professor of Law emeritus and a senior lecturer at the University of Chicago.
Fort Dick is a small unincorporated community in rural Del Norte County, California. Fort Dick is around five miles north of Crescent City, California, and around 15 mi south of the California–Oregon state line. It is located on the U.S. Route 101 corridor on the Redwood Coast. A post office was set up in 1917.
Shizuoka Sangyo University is a private university in Iwata city, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan, established in 1988.
"Sreejith Ramanan is an Indian contemporary theatre director, actor, theatre maker, researcher and theatre-trainer who has been described by the media as ""a versatile Indian contemporary theatre actor"". Over the course of his wide-ranging career, he has also worked as a choreographer, stage designer, theatre technical director, Sound and Lighting designer. He is best known for his collaborations with cross-cultural theatrical adventures with notable numerous artists, theatre directors, including Hiroshi Koike, Dr Phillip B Zarrilli, Uichiro Fueda, Ram Gopal Bajaj, S.Ramanujam, Abhilash Pillai, Leela Alaniz, Kok Heng Leun and Terence Crawford"
Lucas Chanavat is a French cross-country skier who represents the club Le Grand Bornand.
Prince Wilhelm of Prussia was the eldest child of Crown Prince Wilhelm of Germany and Duchess Cecilie of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. At his birth, he was second in line to the German throne and was expected to succeed to the throne after the deaths of his grandfather and father, both of whom, however, outlived him.
The Ganz CSMG, known in official FVV/BKV records as GCSM, or sometimes known as ICS, is a series of tramcars which was manufactured by Hungarian companies Ganz-MÁVAG Mozdony-, Vagon- és Gépgyár and Ganz Villamossági Gyár. The CSMG tramcars have three main variants, which are all eight axle rail motor coaches with a Bo'2'2'Bo'tr axle arrangement, the last variant being capable of operating as electric multiple units. The cars were manufactured in Budapest between 1964 and 1978, and in overall 152 regular units and two prototypes were made.
Jamao al Norte is a town in the Espaillat province of the Dominican Republic.
Ikirt House, in East Liverpool, Ohio, was built in 1888. The house is an example of a variety of architectural styles including Second Empire, Eastlake Movement, and elements of Queen Anne style architecture. The house was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in May 1980.
Schönewalde is a town in the Elbe-Elster district, in southwestern Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 30 km south of Luckenwalde, and 40 km east of Wittenberg.
Vince Lia is an Australian football player who plays for Perth Glory in the A-League.
André Ferreira da Silva, better known by his pen name André Vianco, is a Brazilian best-selling novelist, screenwriter, and film and television director. Specialized in urban fantasy and horror, supernatural and vampire fiction, he rose to fame in 1999 with the novel Os Sete. As of 2016, his books have sold over a million copies, and in 2018 he was named, alongside Max Mallmann, Raphael Draccon and Eduardo Spohr, one of the leading Brazilian fantasy writers of the 21st century.
Andrein is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of south-western France.
Minnehaha Creek is a 22-mile-long tributary of the Mississippi River that flows east from Gray's Bay Dam on Lake Minnetonka through the suburban cities of Minnetonka, Hopkins, Saint Louis Park, and Edina, and the city of Minneapolis. The creek flows over Minnehaha Falls in Minnehaha Park near its mouth at the Mississippi River.
Szczyrk is a town in the Beskid lski mountains of southern Poland, situated in the valley of the ylica river. It is part of the Silesian Voivodeship, previously being part of the Bielsko-Biaa Voivodeship. It has a population of 5,734 people.
Dico Koppers is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a left back for Almere City FC in the Eerste Divisie.
The Félegyhaza Tumbler is a breed of fancy pigeon developed over many years of selective breeding. Felegyhazer Tumblers, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the rock pigeon. The name is short for Kiskunfelegyhaza, a town in the Hungarian lowlands.
Ciara Chantel Hanna is an American actress and model. She is known for playing the roles of Gia Moran in Power Rangers Megaforce and Nicole Parker in Blood Lake: Attack of the Killer Lampreys.
Atsushi Yamamoto is a leg amputee athlete from Japan competing mainly in category T42 sprint and long jump events. He won silver medals in the long jump at the 2008 and 2016 Paralympics.
Vermilyea Inn Historic District is a national historic district located near Fort Wayne in Aboite Township, Allen County, Indiana. The district encompasses one contributing building, the Jesse Vermilyea House, and three contributing structures. The house was built in 1839, and is a two-story, three bay, Federal style brick dwelling. It has an original two-story, four bay, gable roofed wing, a 1 1/2-story wood and brick garage addition built about 1945, and a 1 1/2-story brick addition built about 2000. The other contributing resources are the visible earthworks of the Wabash and Erie Canal and the timber platform of the canal aqueduct. Its builder, Jesse Vermilyea, opened his house as an inn and tavern and operated as such through the 19th century.
Richard Humpton was born in Yorkshire, England of parents Richard Humpton and Dorothy Grindall. He purchased a captain's commission in the Royal Army and fought in the Raid on St Malo during the Seven Years' War. While posted in the West Indes, he resigned his commission and moved to the Susquehanna River in Pennsylvania. At the beginning of the American Revolutionary War he offered his services to the patriot cause and was named a lieutenant colonel in 1776. Later that year he became colonel commanding the 11th Pennsylvania Regiment. Tasked with collecting boats on the Delaware River, his attention to this assignment materially helped the Americans win the Battle of Trenton in December 1776.
Ancylis is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae.
The 2003 Atlantic hurricane season began on June 1, 2003 and ended November 30, 2003. However, Tropical Storm Ana formed on April 20, long before the official start of the season. Also, Tropical Storm Odette formed on December 4 and Tropical Storm Peter formed on December 7, both formed after the season ended. Hurricane Isabel is the main storm to remember, it was a category 5 that caused $3.6 billion in damage and 51 deaths in the U.S.. Another storm to remember was Hurricane Fabian, which one of the worst hurricanes in Bermuda history. The final notable storm was Hurricane Juan, a rare hurricane that caused some destruction in Nova Scotia.
Tate's shrew rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.
The Brady Street Bridge, also known as the South 22nd Street Bridge, was a steel bowstring arch bridge in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, which crossed over the Monongahela River at South 22nd Street. Its main span was a tied arch with a suspended road deck, with two through-truss side spans, carrying two traffic lanes between Brady Street on the Pittsburgh side and South 22nd Street on the south side. Approach viaducts were built at either end. The bridge was built by the Schultz Bridge and Iron Company.
Assen Emilov Blatechki is a Bulgarian actor.
Paula Jean Myers-Pope was an American diver and Olympic medallist.
Arthur George Knight VC was an English-Canadian soldier. Knight was a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces. Knight was one of seven Canadian to be awarded the Victoria Cross for their actions on one single day, 2 September 1918, for actions across the 30 km long Drocourt-Quéant Line near Arras, France. The other six recipients were Bellenden Hutcheson, William Henry Metcalf, Claude Joseph Patrick Nunney, Cyrus Wesley Peck, Walter Leigh Rayfield and John Francis Young.
Josiah Conder was a British architect who was hired by the Meiji Japanese government as a professor of architecture for the Imperial College of Engineering and became architect of Japan's Public Works. He started his own practice after 1888.
"Gerardus Henricus ""Puck"" van Heel was a Dutch footballer. He earned 64 caps for the Netherlands national football team, and played in the 1934 and 1938 World Cups. During his club career, he played for his home town club of Feyenoord. Normally an inside left and left wing half, Van Heel was a slow player but possessed considerable vision and technical ability and was particularly good passer.
The Korail Class 351000 trains, formerly identified as Korail Class 2000 trains, are commuter electric multiple units in South Korea used on Bundang Line and Suin Line. Class 351000 trains were manufactured and delivered between 1993 and 2013.
Luke Bracey is an Australian actor, known for his work in films such as Monte Carlo, G.I. Joe: Retaliation, The November Man, Point Break and Hacksaw Ridge, and for television series such as Westside and Home and Away. Luke attended the Scots College in Sydney graduating in 2007.
LightScribe is an optical disc recording technology that was created by the Hewlett-Packard Company. It uses specially coated recordable CD and DVD media to produce laser-etched labels with text or graphics, as opposed to stick-on labels and printable discs. Although HP is no longer developing the technology, it is still maintained and supported by a number of independent enthusiasts.
The Château des Tours is a château in the commune of Montagne in the Gironde department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of south-western France.
Hayaatun Sillem CBE FIET is the chief executive officer of the Royal Academy of Engineering.
Saint Edith of Wilton was an English nun, a daughter of Edgar the Peaceful, king of England. She was born between 961 and 964 and died on 16 September in a year between 984 and 987. Following her death in 984, she became the patron saint of her community at Wilton Abbey in Wiltshire and churches were dedicated to her in Wiltshire and in other parts of Anglo-Saxon England. Her biography was written by Goscelin and her feast day is on 16 September.
Palaeeudyptes antarcticus, also referred to as the narrow-flippered penguin, is the type species of the extinct penguin genus Palaeeudyptes. It was a huge species, albeit probably with a large size variation. Although the size range can only be loosely estimated, the birds seem to have stood between 43 and 55 inches high in life, placing this species and its congener Palaeeudyptes marplesi among the largest penguin species known. It was the last known Palaeeudyptes species, and although the exact time when it lived is not precisely determined, it may have evolved from P. marplesi, or they might even have been a single species which slightly decreased in size over time.
The Falcon Tabernacle, also known as the Octagon Tabernacle and the Little Tabernacle, is an historic octagon-shaped Pentecostal Holiness church building in Falcon, North Carolina. Built in 1898, it was designed by Julius A. Culbreth for prayer meetings and was built using wood from trees that had been uprooted by a tornado. Culbreth, who was the founder of Falcon, chose the octagon shape because it reminded him of the tents used in revival meetings. In 1900 the building became the home of the Falcon Pentecostal Holiness Church, of which Culbreth was a leader.
"Cousin Silas is the stage name of English electronic music artist David Hughes. The name comes from a character in King Crimson's song, ""Happy Family"". He has released over eighty albums on various netlabels. Between 1990 and 2000 he wrote several short stories, poetry, prose, and articles that were published in small press magazines such as Back Brain Recluse, Nova SF, The Scanner, REM, Nerve Gardens, The Lyre, Auguries and Focus. On 28 January 2004 Cousin Silas made an appearance on BBC Radio 1 played by John Peel."
David Lloyd is a British comics artist best known as the illustrator of the story V for Vendetta, written by Alan Moore.
Carbonemys cofrinii is an extinct podocnemidid turtle known from the Middle Paleocene Cerrejón Formation of the Cesar-Ranchería Basin in northeastern Colombia. The formation is dated at around 60 to 57 million years ago, starting at about five million years after the KT extinction event.
St. Theresa's Cathedral, also called Caxias do Sul Cathedral, is a parish of the Roman Catholic Church in Caxias do Sul, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, and the cathedral of the Diocese of Caxias do Sul.
Chafalonías is a 1960 Argentine comedy film directed by Mario Soffici and starring Luis Sandrini.
Montmagny is a former municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
"Frederick VI was King of Denmark from 13 March 1808 to 3 December 1839 and King of Norway from 13 March 1808 to 7 February 1814, making him the last king of Denmark–Norway. From 1784 until his accession, he served as regent during his father's mental illness and was referred to as the ""Crown Prince Regent"". For his motto he chose God and the just cause and since the time of his reign, succeeding Danish monarchs have also chosen mottos in the Danish language rather than the formerly customary Latin."
Miles Hugh Barrett Jupp is an English comedian and actor. He began his career as a stand-up comedian, before playing the role of the inventor Archie in the British children's television series Balamory. He has also appeared on comedy panel shows, played John Duggan in The Thick of It and Nigel in the sitcom Rev.
Luigi Fantappiè was an Italian mathematician, known for work in mathematical analysis and for creating the theory of analytic functionals: he was a student and follower of Vito Volterra. Later in life he proposed scientific theories of sweeping scope.
Laanecoorie Weir or Laanecoorie Reservoir, is a water storage for irrigation and domestic purposes on the Loddon River, near the towns of Laanecoorie, Victoria and Eddington, Victoria. It was constructed by contractor Andrew O'Keefe in conjunction with Joshua Thomas Noble Anderson. This was the second irrigation scheme for Victoria after the Goulburn Weir. Construction commenced in 1889 and took three years to complete. The largest outlet valves in Victoria, manufactured by the United Iron Work of Abraham Roberts, were installed at the weir in 1891.
World Games is a station on the Red line of Kaohsiung MRT in Nanzih District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan. The station is named after the World Games 2009.
Kotaka was a torpedo boat of the Imperial Japanese Navy. She was ordered in 1885 from the shipbuilder Yarrows in London, Great Britain, where she was built in parts along Japanese specifications, and then assembled in Yokosuka Naval Arsenal, Japan.
One Georgia Center is a skyscraper in SoNo, Atlanta, at the intersection of West Peachtree Street and North Avenue. Completed in 1968, the 24-story building is notable for its Georgia marble exterior.
Dowleswaram is a part of Greater Rajamahendravaram Municipal Corporation. It also forms a part of Godavari Urban Development Authority.
John Manners, 1st Duke of Rutland and 9th Earl of Rutland was a British MP, and Whig politician. His divorce from his first wife caused much comment, partly because it was thought to have political implications.
Vihula is a village in Haljala Parish, Lääne-Viru County, in northern Estonia, within Lahemaa National Park.
Sumur was a Phoenician city in what is now Syria. Zemar was a major trade center. The city has also been referred to in English publications as Simyra, imirra, umra, Sumura, imura, Zemar, and Zimyra.
Hypoxidaceae is a family of flowering plants, placed in the order Asparagales of the monocots.
Kraainem/Crainhem is a Brussels Metro station in the municipality of Woluwe-St.-Lambert/St.-Lambrechts-Woluwe, Brussels. Since 4 April 2009 the station has been served by Metro line 1.
Lake Lapeyrère is a municipal unorganized territory, part of Portneuf in Quebec. The RCM is included in the administrative region of the Capitale-Nationale. This area of the north shore of St. Lawrence river and the west bank of the Batiscan River is located about 75 kilometers northeast of Shawinigan, Quebec. The unorganized territory Lac-Lapeyrère includes Lapeyrère Township, which was established in 1907. The canton is one sector of Portneuf Wildlife Reserve and Zec Tawachiche. Territory Lac-Lapeyrère has several major water bodies including lakes Garneau, Travers, Robinson, Casgrain, Tage and Lapeyrère, and is drained to the east by the Batiscan River.
"Tierra Helena Whack is an American rapper, singer, and songwriter. She originally performed as ""Dizzle Dizz"" as a teenager, but later on reverted to her birth name in 2017. Her debut studio album, Whack World, was released in May 2018 and received widespread critical acclaim. Her 2017 single, ""Mumbo Jumbo"", had an accompanying music video that garnered a Best Music Video nomination for the 2019 Grammy Awards."
Yang Yang is a Chinese actor. He made his acting debut in the Chinese television drama The Dream of Red Mansions. Since then, he has received recognition for his roles in television dramas The Lost Tomb, The Whirlwind Girl, Love O2O, Martial Universe, The King's Avatar and films The Left Ear, I Belonged to You, Once Upon a Time.
Apopka is a city of Florida in the United States.
San Isidro, officially the Municipality of San Isidro, is a 2nd class municipality in the province of Nueva Ecija, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 51,612 people.
Tang Baiqiao is a Chinese political dissident from Hunan province who led student protests during the 1989 democracy movement. After the incident at Tiananmen Square, Tang fled from agents of the Communist Party of China who eventually arrested him in the city of Jiangmen. He was charged with being a counter-revolutionary and imprisoned. Upon his release, he fled to Hong Kong, where he co-authored the report Anthems of Defeat: Crackdown in Hunan Province 1989 - 1992 through Human Rights Watch with Dr. Robin Munro of the University of London. Tang was later accepted into the United States as a political refugee in 1992. Tang claimed that he graduated in 2003 with a Master's degree in international affairs from Columbia University, but university archive and registrar of Columbia University claimed that he studied there but did not graduate.
John 20:28 is the twenty-eighth verse of the twentieth chapter of the Gospel of John in the New Testament. It is part of a description of what the book says is Jesus' reappearance to the disciples, including Thomas, eight days after his resurrection.
The Turvo State Park is a state park in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
Alfons Schuhbeck was born on 2 May 1949 in Traunstein, Upper Bavaria, Germany. He is one of Germany’s top chefs, as well as being a writer, restaurateur, TV cook and businessman.
Anaheim Hills is a planned community encompassing the eastern portions of the city of Anaheim, in Orange County, California.
Sabatia grandiflora is a flowering plant in the genus Sabatia. Commonly known as marsh-pink or largeflower rose gentian, the annual has pink flowers. It grows in parts of Florida and Alabama. The flowers have five pink petals and a yellow center.
In mathematics and solid state physics, the first Brillouin zone is a uniquely defined primitive cell in reciprocal space. In the same way the Bravais lattice is divided up into Wigner–Seitz cells in the real lattice, the reciprocal lattice is broken up into Brillouin zones. The boundaries of this cell are given by planes related to points on the reciprocal lattice. The importance of the Brillouin zone stems from the Bloch wave description of waves in a periodic medium, in which it is found that the solutions can be completely characterized by their behavior in a single Brillouin zone.
The president of Romania is the head of state of Romania. The president is directly elected by a two-round system for a five-year term. An individual may serve two terms. During his or her term in office, the president may not be a formal member of a political party.
Aeolostoma is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.
Nogent-le-Sec is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Miel Pijs is a Dutch former footballer, who played at both professional and international levels as a defender.
Harewood is a civil parish in Herefordshire, England. It is approximately 7 miles south from the city and county town of Hereford and 4 miles north-west from the market town of Ross-on-Wye. Within Harewood is the rural estate of Harewood Park, owned by the Duchy of Cornwall. The parish is part of the Wye Valley Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
Andronicus of Pannonia was a 1st-century Christian mentioned by the Apostle Paul in his Epistle to the Romans:
Pennsylvania Station, also known as New York Penn Station or Penn Station, is the main intercity railroad station in New York City and the busiest in the Western Hemisphere, serving more than 600,000 passengers per weekday as of 2019. Penn Station is in Midtown Manhattan, close to Herald Square, the Empire State Building, Koreatown, and Macy's Herald Square. Entirely underground, the station is located in Midtown South beneath Madison Square Garden, between Seventh and Eighth Avenues, and between 31st and 33rd Streets, with additional exits to nearby streets.
Michael Te-Pei Chang is an American retired professional tennis player. He is the youngest male player in history to win a Grand Slam, winning the 1989 French Open at 17 years and 95 days old. Chang won a total of 34 top-level professional singles titles, was a three-time Grand Slam runner-up, and reached a career-best ranking of world No. 2 in 1996. Since he was shorter than virtually all of his opponents, he played a dogged defensive style utilizing his quickness and speed.
"Mark Gemini Thwaite also known as MGT is a British musician, and has been the guitarist for a number of rock bands and artists over the last two decades, including The Mission, Tricky, Peter Murphy, New Disease, Spear of Destiny, Theatre of Hate, Mob Research, and Canadian band National Velvet plus various live and recorded appearances with Gary Numan, Al Jourgensen of Ministry, Revolting Cocks, Roger Daltrey of the Who, P.J. Harvey, Alanis Morissette, Primitive Race, Ricky Warwick of Thin Lizzy, Ginger of The Wildhearts, Stan Lee of Marvel Comics, Franz Treichler of The Young Gods, Miles Hunt & The Wonder Stuff, Ashton Nyte of The Awakening, Burton C. Bell of Fear Factory, Laurence ""Lol"" Tolhurst and Porl Thompson of The Cure and Ville Valo of Finnish band HIM."
José Carlos Borrello is an Argentine football manager who is currently the head coach and technical director of the Argentina women's national team. During his tenure as the manager from 1998 to 2012 and since 2017, he has helped women's teams qualify to all three of their Women's World Cups, all three of their Under-20 World Cups and their only Olympic tournament.
Aquae Flaviae is the ancient Roman city and former bishopric of Chaves, a municipality in the Portuguese district of Vila Real.
John Chris Inglis, also known as Chris Inglis, is a former Deputy Director of the National Security Agency. He retired as Deputy Director on January 10, 2014.
Lysorophus is a genus of Lysorophia, extinct Permian Lepospondyl tetrapods. Most of the specimens are found from North America and attributed to the first formally described species Lysorophus tricarinatus due to the lack of diagnostic characters, but several other species have been described. Lysorophus were small salamander-like amphibians. They lived in fresh water, aestivating in burrows during dry periods.
Kangilinnguit or Kangilínguit, formerly Grønnedal, is a settlement and location of a former naval base in Greenland's Sermersooq municipality, located at the mouth of Arsuk Fjord in southwestern Greenland. The settlement had 160 inhabitants in 2010, most of whom are Danish Navy personnel, attached to Island Command Greenland headquarters. A road – roughly 5 kilometres long – between Kangilinnguit and Ivittuut make them the only towns in Greenland connected by roads. It was the only populous settlement within the former Ivittuut Municipality.
The grizzled giant squirrel is a large tree squirrel in the genus Ratufa found in the highlands of the Central and Uva provinces of Sri Lanka, and in patches of riparian forest along the Kaveri River and in the hill forests of Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala states of southern India. The International Union for Conservation of Nature lists the species as near threatened due to habitat loss and hunting.
Ematheudes is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Philipp Christoph Zeller in 1867 and is known from Zimbabwe, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Zambia, Namibia, Kenya, Sierra Leone, Seychelles, Iran, Ethiopia, Syria, Hungary, Italy, Angola, Togo and Tunisia.
Andrew David Irvine is a Canadian academic who teaches at the University of British Columbia. He holds a PhD in philosophy from Sydney University and is a professor of philosophy and mathematics at UBC Okanagan. He is a past vice-chair of the
Svébohov is a village and municipality in Šumperk District in the Olomouc Region of Moravia in the Czech Republic.
The National Library of Pakistan, is the national and the research library located in the vicinity of the Constitutional Avenue, Islamabad, Pakistan. American author, Stuart Murray, argues that it is the oldest cultural institutional that plays a leading role in providing the resource for information— ancient and new.
1,1,1-Trifluoroethane, or R-143a or simply trifluoroethane, is a hydrofluorocarbon compound that is a colorless gas. It should not be confused with the much more commonly used gas R-134a or the isomeric compound 1,1,2-trifluoroethane.
Lukas Vejdemo is a Swedish professional ice hockey forward. He is currently playing with the Montreal Canadiens in the National Hockey League while under contract as a prospect to the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League. Vejdemo was selected by the Canadiens in the 3rd round of the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Asikkala is a municipality of Finland. Its seat is in Vääksy, at the shores of the Lake Päijänne. It is located in the province of Southern Finland and is part of the Päijänne Tavastia region.
Nikola Dimitrov is a Macedonian politician and diplomat, who has been serving as Minister of Foreign Affairs for North Macedonia since 31 May 2017. Formerly Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs and Macedonian ambassador to the United States and then the Netherlands, in 2014 he turned down an appointment as Macedonia's new ambassador to Russia.
Mishti doi is a fermented sweet doi originating from Bogra District in Bangladesh and a very popular dessert throughout the country. It is also popular in the Indian states of West Bengal, Tripura and Assam's Barak Valley. It is made with milk and sugar/jaggery. It differs from the plain yogurt because of the technique of preparation.
Marsassoum Arrondissement is an arrondissement of the Sédhiou Department in the Sédhiou Region of Senegal. Its seat lies at Marsassoum.
The Kiche kingdom of Qumarkaj was a state in the highlands of modern-day Guatemala which was founded by the Kiche Maya in the thirteenth century, and which expanded through the fifteenth century until it was conquered by Spanish and Nahua forces led by Pedro de Alvarado in 1524.
The Hooglandse Kerk is a Gothic church in Leiden dating from the fifteenth century. The brick church is dedicated to St. Pancras and today serves parishioners of the Protestant Church in the Netherlands.
Munson Township is one of twenty-four townships in Henry County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 400 and it contained 132 housing units. Munson changed its name from Centre township on April 13, 1857.
Sant Francesc de s'Estany is a hamlet in the south of the Spanish island of Ibiza. It is in the municipality of Sant Josep de sa Talaia and is located close to the islands main Airport and the Salines Salt Pans. It straddles the designated road PM-802 and is 4.3 miles south west of Ibiza Town and 3.3 miles from Ibiza Airport.
Lieutenant General David Holmes Huntoon, Jr., served a 40-year military career in the U.S. Army. In his last assignment he was the Superintendent of the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York.
The Pontic steppe or Pontic–Caspian steppe is the steppeland stretching from the northern shores of the Black Sea as far east as the Caspian Sea, from Dobruja in the northeastern corner of Bulgaria and southeastern Romania, through Moldova and eastern Ukraine across Russian Northern Caucasus, Southern and lower Volga regions to western Kazakhstan, forming part of the larger Eurasian steppe, adjacent to the Kazakh steppe to the east. It is a part of the Palearctic realm and the temperate grasslands, savannas, and shrublands biome.
Dolany is a village and municipality in Olomouc District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.
Tom Kenji Maayan is an Israeli professional basketball player for Maccabi Kiryat Motzkin of the Israeli National League. He played college basketball for Seton Hall University before playing professionally in Israel. Maayan, A 1.88m tall combo guard, is primarily known for his defensive skills.
Take a Chance is a 1933 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Monte Brice and Laurence Schwab and written by Monte Brice, Buddy G. DeSylva, Laurence Schwab, Sid Silvers and Richard A. Whiting. It is based on the musical of the same name. The film stars James Dunn, June Knight, Lillian Roth, Cliff Edwards, Lilian Bond, Dorothy Lee and Lona Andre. The film was released on October 27, 1933, by Paramount Pictures.
Mike Nichols was an American film and theater director, producer, actor, and comedian. He was noted for his ability to work across a range of genres and for his aptitude for getting the best out of actors regardless of their experience. Nichols began his career in the 1950s with the comedy improvisational troupe The Compass Players, predecessor of The Second City, in Chicago. He then teamed up with his improv partner, Elaine May, to form the comedy duo Nichols and May. Their live improv act was a hit on Broadway, and the first of their three albums won a Grammy Award.
The Jackson–Perkins House is a historic home located at Newark in Wayne County, New York. It is a Tudor Revival style residence purchased in 1864, rebuilt in 1889, and remodeled to its current form in 1921–1922. It was once the home of the Jackson and Perkins families, who once operated a large rose growing facility nearby known as Jackson & Perkins Company. On the 2.66-acre property are elements of the original landscape design including the entrance drive, access path, formal fountain in a garden setting, greenhouse foundation, and many mature trees and shrubs.
The 1984 eruption of Mauna Loa was a Hawaiian eruption in the U.S. state of Hawaii that lasted from March 25 to April 15, 1984. It ended a 9-year period of quiescence at the volcano and continued for 22 days, during which time lava flows and lava fountains issued from the summit caldera and fissures along the northeast and southwest rift zones. Although the lava threatened Hilo, the flow stopped before reaching the outskirts of town.
The Crawford Hill Mansion is a historic house located in Denver, Colorado. It was designated on the National Register of Historic Places on September 13, 1990. The French Renaissance Revival-style mansion is made of brick and sandstone with Ionic columns and a mansard roof. The building is 19,000 square feet.
Jordan Kyrou is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre and right winger who currently plays for the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League. Kyrou was selected 35th overall in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft by the Blues.
"Paul Morris is a musician best known as a keyboardist in Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow. He played keyboards on the Stranger in Us All album and co-wrote the song ""Black Masquerade"".
Da Parbatia is a small village very close to west Tezpur, in the Indian State of Assam. In the village there are significant architectural remnants of an ancient temple of the 6th century overlying the ruins of another Shiva temple built of bricks during the Ahom period. Archaeological excavations done here in 1924 have unearthed a sixth-century antiquity in the form of a stone door frame with extensive carvings. The ruins of the temple built during the Ahom period are built over the ancient temple's foundations and are in the form of a stone paved layout plan of the sanctum sanctorum and a mandapa. This complex is under the jurisdiction of the Archaeological Survey of India and its importance and notability is recorded under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act 1958.
Horstedt is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Matthew Ward Winer is an American television personality who is currently working for Turner Sports. He is also known for working eight years at ESPN.
Ballysadare, locally also Ballisodare, is a town in County Sligo, Ireland. It is about 7 kilometres south of Sligo town. The town developed on an important crossing of the Owenmore River.
"Keuka Lake is one of the major Finger Lakes in the U.S. state of New York. It is unusual because it is Y-shaped, in contrast to the long and narrow shape of the other Finger Lakes. Because of its shape, it was referred to in the past as Crooked Lake. Keuka means ""canoe landing"" in the Iroquois language and ""lake with an elbow"" in the Seneca language."
The Insurrection of 10 August 1792 was a defining event of the French Revolution, when armed revolutionaries in Paris, increasingly in conflict with the French monarchy, stormed the Tuileries Palace. The conflict led France to abolish the monarchy and establish a republic.
"John Worthen Germond, known as Jack Germond, was an American journalist, author, and pundit. His journalistic career spanned over 50 years; Germond wrote for the Washington Star and The Baltimore Sun. Together with Jules Witcover, Germond co-wrote ""Politics Today"", a five-day-a-week syndicated column, for almost a quarter-century."
The Buëch is a river in southeastern France, a right tributary of the Durance. It is also called the Grand Buëch in its upper course just to the confluence with the Petit Buëch river.
Sir Martin Frobisher was an English seaman and privateer who made three voyages to the New World looking for the North-west Passage. He probably sighted Resolution Island near Labrador in north-eastern Canada, before entering Frobisher Bay and landing on present-day Baffin Island.
Corseaux-Cornalles railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Corseaux, in the Swiss canton of Vaud. It is an intermediate stop on the standard gauge Vevey–Chexbres line of Swiss Federal Railways.
West Jordan is a city in Salt Lake County, Utah, United States. It is a rapidly growing suburb of Salt Lake City and has a mixed economy. According to the 2010 Census, the city had a population of 103,712, placing it as the fourth most populous in the state. The city occupies the southwest end of the Salt Lake Valley at an elevation of 4,330 feet. Named after the nearby Jordan River, the limits of the city begin on the river's western bank and end in the eastern foothills of the Oquirrh Mountains, where Kennecott Copper Mine, the world's largest man-made excavation is located.
Interleukin 10, also known as human cytokine synthesis inhibitory factor, is an anti-inflammatory cytokine. In humans, interleukin 10 is encoded by the IL10 gene. IL-10 signals through a receptor complex consisting of two IL-10 receptor-1 and two IL-10 receptor-2 proteins. Consequently, the functional receptor consists of four IL-10 receptor molecules. IL-10 binding induces STAT3 signalling via the phosphorylation of the cytoplasmic tails of IL-10 receptor 1 + IL-10 receptor 2 by JAK1 and Tyk2 respectively.
Monday Creek Township is one of the fourteen townships of Perry County, Ohio, United States. The 2000 census found 671 people in the township.
Samuel Stone was a Puritan minister and co-founder of Hartford, Connecticut.
A wisdom tooth or third molar is one of the three molars per quadrant of the human dentition. It is the most posterior of the three. The age at which wisdom teeth come through is variable, but generally occurs between late teens and early twenties. Most adults have four wisdom teeth, one in each of the four quadrants, but it is possible to have none, fewer, or more, in which case the extras are called supernumerary teeth. Wisdom teeth may get stuck against other teeth if there is not enough space for them to come through normally. While the impaction does not cause movement of other teeth, it can cause tooth decay if oral hygiene becomes more difficult. Wisdom teeth which are partially erupted through the gum may also cause inflammation and infection in the surrounding gum tissues, termed pericoronitis. Wisdom teeth are often extracted when or even before these problems occur. However, some, including the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence in the UK, recommend against the prophylactic extraction of disease-free impacted wisdom teeth.
The Estadio General José Antonio Páez is a sports infrastructure stadium in Acarígua, Venezuela. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Portuguesa Fútbol Club the building was built in that place by the booming development of this locality llanera; owes its name to the recognized hero of Venezuelan independence and the first president of Venezuela, Jose Antonio Páez. It is the headquarters of the Portuguese Football Club, currently located in the First Division of Venezuela. Its facilities can hold approximately 18 thousand spectators; in 2007 underwent considerable improvements to be used in the National Plains Sports Games 2007 and was inaugurated in 1973.
The Twin Towers II was a proposed twin-towered skyscraper complex which would have been located at the World Trade Center site in Manhattan, New York City. The proposed complex would have replaced the former Twin Towers of the World Trade Center destroyed in the September 11 attacks, restoring the skyline of the city to its former state. The main design for the proposed complex would feature new landmark twin towers, nearly identical to the originals designed by Minoru Yamasaki, though it would feature 115 stories—5 floors taller than the originals, among other differences. Beside the towers, an above-ground memorial would have occupied the footprints of the original towers. The new site would also have featured three 12-story buildings, replacing the original 3, 4 and 5 World Trade Center. The complex was designed and developed by American architect Herbert Belton and American engineer Kenneth Gardner, and sponsored by Donald Trump.
Sonnet 25 is one of 154 sonnets published by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare in the Quarto of 1609. It is a part of the Fair Youth sequence.
Lackavrea is a 396-metre isolated mountain in County Galway, Ireland. It is located to the east of the larger Maumturks range, which lies within the Connemara region.
Eccup Reservoir is a reservoir in Alwoodley, a suburb of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England, near the village of Eccup. It was first constructed in 1843, and expanded to its present size in 1897. The open water area is 91 hectares, making it largest area of water in West Yorkshire. It receives water from several smaller reservoirs and from the River Ouse. The reservoir is owned by Yorkshire Water.
Mi'ilya is a local council in the western Galilee in the Northern District of Israel. Its name during the Kingdom of Jerusalem era in Galilee was Castellum Regis. In 2018 it had a population of 3,255, all of whom are Melkite Greek Catholics. The town is located immediately to the northwest of Ma'alot-Tarshiha.
The Estadio Olimpico Metropolitano de Mérida or Estadio Metropolitano is a soccer stadium located in the city of Mérida in Venezuela.
Taliesin, sometimes known as Taliesin East, Taliesin Spring Green, or Taliesin North after 1937, was the estate of American architect Frank Lloyd Wright. Located 2.5 miles south of the village of Spring Green, Wisconsin, United States, the 600-acre property was developed on land that originally belonged to Wright's maternal family.
Diamond Creek Township is a township in Chase County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 237.
Ken Chu Hong Kong, is the chairman and CEO for Mission Hills Group.
Lancashire Day is the county day of historic Lancashire in England. It is held on 27 November to commemorate the day in 1295 when Lancashire first sent representatives to Parliament, to attend the Model Parliament of King Edward I. Lancashire Day was first held in 1996.
Sarah Cruddas is a television presenter, space journalist and author. She is the host of Contact on Discovery Channel and Science Channel in the United States. She has an academic background in astrophysics and is the author of three children's books about space.
Tanya Huebner is an Australian swimmer. She has represented Australia at the 2012 London and the 2016 Rio Paralympics.
Kvelde is a village in the municipality of Larvik, Norway. Its population was 1058 on 1 January 2018.
Freynestown is a townland in the civil parish of Tiscoffin in the barony of Gowran, County Kilkenny, Ireland. Freynestown was anciently located in the Kingdom of Ossory and derives its name from the Cambro-Norman family of “de la Freyne.”.
The sella turcica is a saddle-shaped depression in the body of the sphenoid bone of the human skull and of the skulls of other hominids including chimpanzees, orangutans and gorillas. It serves as a cephalometric landmark. The pituitary gland or hypophysis is located within the most inferior aspect of the sella turcica, the hypophyseal fossa.
Großer Labussee is a lake in the Mecklenburg Lake District, in Germany. It is situated in the district of Mecklenburgische Seenplatte of the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. Most of the lake is in the municipality Userin, with a small southern part in the municipality Wesenberg.
The Lough is the name of a suburb of Cork City, the electoral division in which it lies, the body of water that gives the area its name and a Roman Catholic parish of the same name. It lies on the south side of the city.
Frank Ray Lawson, OBE, was the 17th Lieutenant Governor of Ontario, Canada, from 1946 to 1952.
Eberhard Weber is a German double bassist and composer. As a bass player, he is known for his highly distinctive tone and phrasing. Weber's compositions blend chamber jazz, European classical music, minimalism and ambient music, and are regarded as characteristic examples of the ECM Records sound.
"Randi Marie Blehr was a Norwegian feminist, liberal politician, suffragist, peace activist and women's rights activist. She was married to Prime Minister of Norway Otto Blehr, and was therefore addressed as ""Madam Prime Minister"" during her lifetime. She was one of the preeminent leaders of the Norwegian women's rights movement from the 1880s and co-counded the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights, serving as its President from 1895 to 1899 and from 1903 to 1922. She also initiated the establishment of the Norwegian Women's Public Health Association that grew to become a humanitarian organisation with 250,000 members. She was a leading advocate of Norwegian independence from Sweden and took on representative duties for Norway during her husband's tenure as Prime Minister."
North Hollywood High School is a public high school in North Hollywood in Los Angeles, California, United States. NHHS is located in the San Fernando Valley and enrolls approximately 2,500 students each year. Several neighborhoods, including most of North Hollywood, Valley Village, Studio City and Sun Valley, send students to this school. As of 2020, NHHS is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges. As of 2020, the school principal is Mr. Ricardo Rosales.
Östra Grevie is a locality situated in Vellinge Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 598 inhabitants in 2010.
Najeh Trenadious Monté Davenport is a former American football running back in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the fourth round of the 2002 NFL Draft. He played college football at the University of Miami.
The Franklin Rooseveltplaats is a large square in the city of Antwerp, Belgium, placed at the crossing of the Leien and Turnhoutsebaan, and within walking distance of the Koningin Astridplein and Antwerp-Central station. The square functions primarily as the main bus station in Antwerp, which with its 28 platforms handles a large part of all bus transport in the city, as well as several tram routes.
The 2010 Victorian state election, held on Saturday, 27 November 2010, was for the 57th Parliament of Victoria. The election was to elect all 88 members of the Legislative Assembly and all 40 members of the Legislative Council. The incumbent centre-left Labor Party government, led by John Brumby, was defeated by the centre-right Liberal/National Coalition opposition, led by Ted Baillieu. The election gave the Coalition a one-seat majority in both houses of parliament.
Alwan Al-Abousi is a retired Iraqi Air Force Major General. He was born in Basra, Iraq and attended to join the Iraqi Air Force Academy in 1961 and was commissioned as a MiG-17 fighter pilot in 1965. He graduated with a B.Sc in Aviation Science from the Egyptian Air Force Academy in 1970. Subsequently, he received an MA in military science from the Iraqi Staff College at Al-Bakr University. His foreign military training includes training in Egypt, India, Russia, France, and Greece. During the Iran–Iraq War, he served as commander of multiple squadrons, groups, and air bases. Late in the war, he became the director and deputy commander of air force training. In the early 1990s, General Abousi became the dean of the national defense for higher political and military studies, and later the commander of air force administration.
McCall is a resort town on the western edge of Valley County, Idaho, United States. Named after its founder, Tom McCall, it is situated on the southern shore of Payette Lake, near the center of the Payette National Forest. The population was 2,991 as of the 2010 census, up from 2,084 in 2000.
The DB Class 614s are German diesel multiple units operated by the Deutsche Bundesbahn, comprising two Class 614 driving units and up to two Class 914 centre cars. On 1 January 1994 the ownership of these vehicles was transferred to the DB's legal successor Deutsche Bahn AG and its subsidiaries or business areas.
After the neighboring countries of Egypt and Libya both gained independence in the early 1950s, Egypt–Libya relations were initially cooperative. Libya assisted Egypt in the 1973 Arab-Israeli War. Later, tensions arose due to Egypt's rapprochement with the west. Following the 1977 Libyan–Egyptian War, relations were suspended for twelve years. However, since 1989 relations have steadily improved. With the progressive lifting of UN and US sanctions on Libya from 2003–2008, the two countries have been working together to jointly develop their oil and natural gas industries.
Camino is a census-designated place in El Dorado County, California, and, per the 2010 census, has a population of 1,750. According to the USGS, it lies at an elevation of 3133 feet.
Rempnat is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Smithtown is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) within the Town of Smithtown in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population was 26,470 at the 2010 census. The hamlet includes the former Village of The Landing, which was dissolved in 1939.
The Mitsubishi Triton is a compact pickup truck produced by Mitsubishi Motors. In Japan it was originally known as the Mitsubishi Forte and from 1991 as the Strada. In the United States Chrysler Corporation sold captive imports as the Dodge Ram 50 and Plymouth Arrow truck, and Mitsubishi marketed it as the Mitsubishi Mighty Max until 1996.
"Nyame is the God of the Akan people of Ghana. His name means ""he who knows and sees everything"" and ""omniscient, omnipotent sky god"" in the Akan language."
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Lake Charles, is a particular church located in Lake Charles, Louisiana. It is a fairly new diocese of the Roman Catholic Church, being founded on January 29, 1980. It is suffragan to the Archdiocese of New Orleans.
The Arado E.560 was a series of multi-engined Arado medium-range tactical bombers projected during the Second World War.
"Patrick ""Pat"" O'Reilly Brown is chief executive and founder of Impossible Foods Inc. and professor emeritus in the department of biochemistry at Stanford University. Brown is co-founder of the Public Library of Science, inventor of the DNA microarray, and a former investigator at Howard Hughes Medical Institute."
New Marlborough is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States. It is part of the Pittsfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,509 at the 2010 census. New Marlborough consists of five villages: Clayton, Hartsville, Mill River, New Marlborough Village and Southfield.
"The Rubery International Book Award is the largest cash award for books published by independent publishers and self published authors in Great Britain. The London Review of Books described it as ""independent publishing's response to the Booktrust and the Orange Prize. The Alliance of Independent Authors describes the award as: 'holders of the respected Rubery Award [...] should be considered to have a quality endorsement.'
Aaron Ciechanover is an Israeli biologist, who won the Nobel prize in Chemistry for characterizing the method that cells use to degrade and recycle proteins using ubiquitin.
Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender persons in Senegal face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents. Senegal specifically outlaws same-sex sexual acts and, in the past, has prosecuted men accused of homosexuality. LGBT persons face routine discrimination in society.
Seacombe is a district of the town of Wallasey, on the Wirral Peninsula, England. Administratively, Seacombe is a ward of the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral in Merseyside. Before local government reorganisation on 1 April 1974, it was part of the County Borough of Wallasey, within the geographical county of Cheshire. At the 2001 Census, the population of Seacombe was 15,158, increasing to 15,387 at the Census 2011.
"Grace Quan is a modern reconstruction of a Chinese-American shrimp fishing junk, similar to those in the fleet that operated in San Francisco Bay in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The junk was built in 2003 as a joint project between China Camp State Park in San Rafael, California and the San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park, and is now jointly exhibited and operated by both institutions. It functions as a ""working sailing museum"" to educate the public about a previously forgotten chapter in the history of Chinese-American immigrants to California."
"Cheyletidae is a family of mites in the order Trombidiformes. Some members are parasites of birds and mammals, causing cheyletiellosis, or ""walking dandruff"". Others are free-ranging predators which can be found in soil, forest litter, animal nests, and house dust, under tree bark, and on foliage."
Piezodorus guildinii, known generally as red-banded stink bug, is a species of stink bug in the family Pentatomidae. Other common names include the small green stink bug and alfalfa bug.
St. Mary Basilica, formerly St. Mary's Cathedral, located in Natchez, Mississippi, United States, is a parish church in the Diocese of Jackson and Minor basilica of the Catholic Church. In 1979 it was listed under its former name as a contributing property in the Natchez On-Top-of-the-Hill Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places. The Basilica was dedicated to Mary, under the title Our Lady of Sorrows on December 25, 1843.
Inverness, Nairn, Badenoch and Strathspey is a constituency of the House of Commons of the UK Parliament. As with all seats since 1955 it elects one Member of Parliament by the first past the post system of election.
Schoenorchis, commonly known as flea orchids, or , is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae. Plants in this genus are small epiphytes with thin roots, thin leafy stems with leaves in two ranks and tiny fragrant, almost tube-shaped flowers with a prominently spurred labellum. There are about twenty five species found from tropical and subtropical Asia to the Western Pacific.
The Honey War was a bloodless territorial dispute in 1839 between Iowa Territory and Missouri over their border.
Hardin is a city in Liberty County, Texas, United States. The population was 819 at the 2010 census.
Romee Strijd is a Dutch model. She has been a Victoria's Secret Angel since 2015, and has walked in the event since 2014.
"The Frederick R. Weisman Art Museum is an art museum located at the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The museum was founded in 1934 and is named in honor of art collector Frederick R. Weisman. Originally based in Northrop Auditorium, it moved into its current building in 1993. Widely known as a ""modern art museum,"" the 25,000+ image collection has large collections of Marsden Hartley, Alfred Maurer, Charles Biederman, Native American Mimbres pottery, and traditional Korean furniture."
The Audiovisual Media Authority is a statutory authority of the Albanian Government responsible for licensing and regulating the broadcasting and telecommunications industries in Albania. The organisation is authorised to investigate complaints made regarding programmes, issue warnings and fines, or even suspend the license of the radio or television station. The AMA was formed on July 2007.
"Jan Charles ""John"" Zarnecki, FRAS FInstP is an English space science professor and researcher. Since 2013, Zarnecki has been a Director of the International Space Science Institute. Between 2004 and 2013 he was a Professor of Space Science at the Open University, having previously been a professor and researcher at the University of Kent.
Chiscas is a town and municipality in the Colombian Department of Boyacá, part of the subregion of the Gutiérrez Province.
Caldas is a town and municipality in Antioquia Department, Colombia. Caldas is part of The Metropolitan Area of the Aburrá Valley. It is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Caldas.
Suliszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 87 km east of the regional capital Szczecin.
Windham Township is a township in Bradford County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 933 at the 2010 census.
Crinitz is a municipality in the Elbe-Elster district, in Brandenburg, Germany.
"The 2002 United States Senate elections featured a series of fiercely contested elections that resulted in a victory for the Republican Party, which gained two seats and thus a narrow majority from the Democratic Party in the United States Senate. The Senate seats up for election, known as ""class 2"" Senate seats, were last up for regular election in 1996. The election was held on November 5, 2002, almost fourteen months after the September 11, 2001 attacks.
North of America is a Canadian post hardcore band formed in 1997 in Halifax. The music group has recorded with Matlock Records in Canada and the American label Level Plane Records. Members of Halifax's State Champs and Truro's The Motes formed North of America in 1997. They have toured throughout North America and Europe, and members have been involved with other musical projects such as The Plan, The Holy Shroud, INSTRUMENTS, Vkngs, The Got To Get Got, Ov Gramme, production for Buck 65, and composition of original music for the award winning CBC television show Street Cents.
Rosita Renard was a Chilean classical pianist.
Marc Andrew Koska OBE is best known for inventing the non-reusable K1 auto-disable syringe, thus preventing the medical transmission of blood-borne diseases.
Greensburg Township is one of the fifteen townships of Putnam County, Ohio, United States. The 2000 census found 1,425 people in the township.
Nxai Pan is a large salt pan topographic depression which is part of the larger Makgadikgadi Pans in northeastern Botswana. It lies on the old Pandamatenga Trail, which until the 1960s was used for overland cattle drives. The area is speckled with umbrella acacias and is said to resemble the Serengeti in Tanzania. The Nxai Pan was added to the National Park System to augment the Makgadikgadi Pans National Park, thus providing an enlarged contiguous area of natural protection.
Epitonium tenellum, common name the small wentletrap, is a species of small ectoparasitic sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Epitoniidae, the wentletraps.
Bertya gummifera, is a sticky shrub in the family Euphorbiaceae, endemic to New South Wales. It grows in woodland and often in sandstone areas. It flowers in spring.
Arcobara was a fort in the Roman province of Dacia in the 2nd and 3rd centuries AD. It was unearthed in the village Iliua in 1978.
Tinja-Riikka Tellervo Korpela is a Finnish football goalkeeper who plays in the FA WSL for Everton. She previously played for Bayern Munich in the German Frauen-Bundesliga, Tyresö FF in Sweden's Damallsvenskan, LSK Kvinner and Kolbotn of Norway's Toppserien, and FC Honka of Finland's Naisten Liiga.
Karl Schirdewan was a German communist activist who after 1945 became a top East German politician.
Gessenbach is a river of Thuringia, Germany. It flows into the White Elster in the city Gera.
Didier Joseph Louis Pironi was a French racing driver. During his career he competed in 72 Formula One World Championship Grands Prix, driving for Tyrrell, Ligier and Ferrari. He won the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1978 driving a Renault Alpine A442B.
Northern Ohio Railway Museum is a railroad museum located near Chippewa Lake, Ohio, United States. The Museum is a non-profit, educational organization. It was established in 1965, granted 501 status by the Internal Revenue Service in 1966 and incorporated under the laws of the State of Ohio in 1976. The membership is approximately 180 electric railway devotees who reside throughout the United States and Canada, with the majority clustered in northeastern Ohio.
Nigali Sagar, also called Nigliva, is an archaeological site in Nepal containing the remains of a pillar of Ashoka. The pillar is called the Nigali Sagar pillar, or also the Nighihawa pillar, or Nigliva pillar, or Araurakot Asoka Pillar. The site is located about 20 kilometers northwest of Lumbini and 7 kilometers northeast of Taulihawa, Nepal. Another famous inscription discovered nearby in a similar context is the Lumbini pillar inscription.
The James A. Redden Federal Courthouse, formerly the United States Post Office and Courthouse, is a federal courthouse located in Medford, Jackson County, Oregon, United States. Completed in 1916 under the supervision of architect Oscar Wenderoth, it houses the United States District Court for the District of Oregon. A substantial extension was completed in 1940, under the supervision of architect, Louis A. Simon. In September 1996, the United States Senate enacted a bill introduced by Oregon Senator Mark Hatfield to rename the building for long-serving District Court judge James A. Redden.
The Stewart SF3 was the Formula One car the Stewart Grand Prix team used to compete in the 1999 Formula One season. It was driven by Rubens Barrichello, in his third season with the team, and Johnny Herbert, who joined from Sauber.
Studnice is a village and municipality in Vyškov District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
Myrmecodia is a genus of epiphytic myrmecophytes, native to Southeast Asia, but also present in Indochina, Malaysia, the Southwest Pacific, the Philippines, Fiji, and extending south to Queensland and Cape York in Australia. It is one of five ant-plant genera in the family Rubiaceae, the others being Anthorrhiza, Hydnophytum, Myrmephytum, and Squamellaria.
"Francis Joseph Fitzgerald was a Nova Scotian who became a celebrated Boer War veteran and the first commander of the Royal Northwest Mounted Police detachment at Herschel Island in the Western Arctic. From December 1910 until February 1911, he led a mail patrol from Fort McPherson southward to Dawson City. When the patrol did not arrive in time, a search party, led by Corporal William Dempster, was sent from Dawson City and found the bodies of Fitzgerald and the other patrol members. The trip became known as ""The Lost Patrol"" and as ""one of Yukon’s greatest tragedies."""
Nathan Eldon Tanner was a politician from Alberta, Canada, and a leader of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1935 to 1952 as a member of the Social Credit caucus in government. He served as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly from 1936 to 1937 and as a cabinet minister in the governments of William Aberhart and Ernest Manning from 1937 to 1952, in various portfolios related to resource industries.
Cécile, is the debut album by American jazz singer Cécile McLorin Salvant. The album was released shortly after she won first prize in the Thelonious Monk International Jazz Competition in 2010 and is composed primarily of both time-tested and unusual jazz standards.
Madera Acres is a census-designated place in Madera County, California, United States. It is part of the Madera–Chowchilla Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 9,163 at the 2010 census, up from 7,741 at the 2000 census.
The 927th Combat Sustainment Support Battalion is a component of the 50th Regional Support Group in the Army National Guard of the United States. Its headquarters are located at Camp Blanding in Florida. As of 2015, the battalion is commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Geri Swarts and As of 2016, Command Sergeant Major Frank Williams. Five companies are part of the 927th Combat Service Support Battalion:
Alexey Alexandrovich Stakhovich was a high-ranking Imperial Russian Chevalier Guard Regiment officer who in the early 1900s became a popular stage actor, associated with Moscow Art Theatre.
Mikhail Andreïevitch Arseniev was a Russian commander in the Napoleonic Wars.
Peter Johannes Gertrudis Winnen is a Dutch former road racing cyclist. He competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics in road racing and finished in 26th place. After the Games he turned professional in 1981. Among his 14 victories were two stages at Alpe d'Huez in the Tour de France and a national championship. He came third in the Tour de France in 1983.
Tuanku Abdul Rahman ibni Almarhum Tuanku Muhammad GCMG was the first Supreme Head of State or Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaya of the Federation of Malaya, eighth Yang di-Pertuan Besar of Seri Menanti and second Yang di-Pertuan Besar of modern Negeri Sembilan.
George Herbert Walker Bush was an American politician, diplomat, and businessman who served as the 41st president of the United States from 1989 to 1993. A leader of the Republican Party, Bush also served in the U.S. House of Representatives, as U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, as Director of Central Intelligence, and as the 43rd vice president under Ronald Reagan.
Ruth E. Carter is an American costume designer for film and television, with over 40 films to her credit, who has mastered the look of multiple periods and genres in envisioning the clothing and overall appearance of a character or performer. During her near 30 year film career, Carter has been nominated three times for the Academy Award for Best Costume Design for her work on Spike Lee's biographical film Malcolm X, Steven Spielberg's historical drama film Amistad, and her most recent work on Ryan Coogler's Marvel superhero film Black Panther, for which she won the award and became the first African-American to win an Academy Award in that category. That win was also the first Academy Award win for Marvel Studios.
"August Heißmeyer, was a German SS functionary during the Nazi era. He commanded the SS Main Office in 1935–1939. After World War II, Heißmeyer was tried and convicted as a ""major Nazi offender""."
Hastula alboflava is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.
Kupang is the capital of the Indonesian province of East Nusa Tenggara, and had an estimated population in 2019 of 434,972. It is the biggest city and port on the island of Timor. Kupang is a part of the Timor Leste–Indonesia–Australia Growth Triangle free trade zone.
The Zastava P25, nicknamed the Dark Lady, is a blowback-operated, single-action, semi-automatic pocket pistol chambered in .25 ACP. The P25 is manufactured by Zastava Arms of Serbia. It features a two-stage safety mechanism whereas pulling the hammer into the first position blocks both the trigger and the hammer. The pistol frame is made of aluminum alloy and the barrel is made of alloy steel, while the handgrips are usually made of walnut or polymer materials. The P25 is aimed extensively at the civilian market as a self-defense weapon due to its concealability, but is somewhat less favorable compared to the M57, M88 and CZ 99 pistols due to its small caliber.
Downtown Shopping Centre, formerly Westfield Downtown, was a smaller shopping centre with 12,417 m² gross lettable area in the Auckland CBD, Auckland City, New Zealand. It was situated at 11–19 Customs Street West between Lower Albert Street and the Britomart Transport Centre. In late 2012, it was sold by Westfield to Precinct Properties Holdings New Zealand Limited, formerly AMP NZ Office Limited. After 41 years, it closed on 28 May 2016 and by 23 November had been demolished. A highrise was built on the site and a new mall, with the future City Rail Link going through the foundations of the building.
Donjeux is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Tim Siekman is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Lommel SK in the Dutch Eredivisie. He formerly played for Topklasse side HHC Hardenberg.
Pranav Mistry is a computer scientist and inventor. He is the President and CEO of Samsung STAR Labs since October 2019. He is best known for his work on SixthSense, Samsung Galaxy Gear and Project Beyond.
Hypoestes forskaolii is an annual or perennial herb that grows up to 1 m tall with its stem and leaves being nearly glabrous. It has pale pink or white flowers.
"Alexander ""Al"" Barr is an American musician. He has been the lead singer of the Dropkick Murphys since 1998. He was also a founder and lead singer for The Bruisers, which he helped form in 1988 in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. His first band circa 1984, was called D.V.A. He also went on to front 5 Balls of Power, with future members of Scissorfight, The Radicts, L.E.S. Stitches, and US Bombs, before he formed The Bruisers. His band the Bruisers had played many shows with Boston's Dropkick Murphys, and when Dropkick lead singer Mike McColgan quit the band in 1998 the Murphys asked Barr to be the new lead singer. The first album the Dropkick Murphys released with Barr as singer was 1999's The Gang's All Here."
Expedition 34 was the 34th long-duration expedition to the International Space Station. It began on 18 November 2012 with the departure from the ISS of the Soyuz TMA-05M spacecraft, which returned the Expedition 33 crew to Earth.
Vladimir Anatolievich Zubkov is a retired Greco-Roman wrestler from Russia. He won the world light-flyweight title in 1971 and 1973–1975, placing second in 1970, and competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics. After retiring from competitions he worked as a wrestling coach, and is currently training the Austrian national team.
Frank Kent Foss was an American pole vaulter. He won a gold medal at the 1920 Summer Olympics, while breaking his own unofficial world record.
Yantan District is a district of the city of Zigong, Sichuan Province, China.
The Oldwick Historic District is a historic district located in the village of Oldwick, an unincorporated community in Tewksbury Township in Hunterdon County, New Jersey. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 14, 1988. It includes 127 contributing buildings, 12 contributing structures, and one contributing site.
The Regional District of Okanagan-Similkameen is in southern British Columbia, adjacent to the U.S. state of Washington. It is bounded by Fraser Valley Regional District to the west, Thompson-Nicola Regional District and Regional District of Central Okanagan to the north, Regional District of Kootenay Boundary to the east, and by Okanogan County, Washington to the south. At the 2011 census the population was 80,742. The district covers a land area of 10,413.44 square kilometres. The administrative offices are in the City of Penticton.
"Mount Hermann is a 6,240+ ft Skagit Range summit located northwest of Mount Shuksan and northeast of Mount Baker, in the North Cascades of Washington state. It is situated in the Mount Baker Wilderness, on land managed by Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest. Mount Hermann is located immediately west of the Mt. Baker Ski Area, at the end of the Mount Baker Highway. Precipitation runoff from the mountain drains into tributaries of the Nooksack River. This peak is named for Binger Hermann, head of the U.S. General Land Office. This geographic feature has also had variant names ""Mount Herman"", and ""Herman Peak"". The present name and spelling was officially adopted in 1988 by the U.S. Board on Geographic Names."
Charley Rogers was an English film actor, director and screenwriter, best known for his association with Laurel and Hardy. He appeared in 37 films between 1912 and 1954. He also directed 14 films between 1929 and 1936. He was born in Birmingham, Warwickshire, England and died in Los Angeles, California, USA, following injuries sustained in an automobile accident.
A bacteriocyte, also known as a mycetocyte, is a specialized adipocyte found primarily in certain insect groups such as aphids, tsetse flies, German cockroaches, weevils. These cells contain endosymbiotic organisms such as bacteria and fungi, which provide essential amino acids and other chemicals to their host. Bacteriocytes may aggregate into a specialized organ called the bacteriome.
"Garth Davis is an Australian commercial, television, and film director, best known for directing episodes of the series Top of the Lake, for which he received Emmy and BAFTA nominations. In 2008, he won a Gold Lion at the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity and a D&AD Yellow Pencil for the Schweppes commercial ""Burst"" and in 2010 he received a finalist nomination in the Directors Guild of America Award for Best Commercials Director.
Vega Alta is a municipality of Puerto Rico. Vega Alta is located on the northern coast of the island, north of Morovis and Corozal; east of Vega Baja; and west of Dorado with an area of 28 square miles. Vega Alta is subdivided into seven wards and Vega Alta Pueblo. It is part of the San Juan-Caguas-Guaynabo Metropolitan Statistical Area.
"Martin Burns, nicknamed Farmer Burns, was an American catch wrestler, wrestling coach and teacher. Born in Cedar County, Iowa he started wrestling as a teenager and made money traveling around the Midwest wrestling in carnivals and fairs. As a professional he claimed the American Heavyweight Championship by defeating Evan ""Strangler"" Lewis in 1895 and held the title for two years, during the time when contests were legitimate. At this time. Martin Burns himself claimed to have wrestled in more than 6,000 matches and is said to have lost only seven. After the end of his active wrestling career he started a successful wrestling school in Omaha and later coached Cedar Rapids' Washington high school to the very first Iowa high school state wrestling tournament title. He died in Council Bluffs in 1937. In 2001 Martin ""Farmer"" Burns was inducted into the International Wrestling Institute and Museum Hall of Fame. He was also inducted into the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame in 2002. The Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame inducted Martin Burns in 2003."
Arild Verner Agerskov Mikkelsen was an American professional basketball player. He was one of the National Basketball Association's first power forwards in the 1950s and was known for his tenacious defense.
Beautheil-Saints is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France. It was established on 1 January 2019 by merger of the former communes of Saints and Beautheil.
The Siedlce Ghetto, was a World War II Jewish ghetto set up by Nazi Germany in the city of Siedlce in occupied Poland, 92 kilometres east of Warsaw. The ghetto was closed from the outside in early October 1941. Some 12,000 Polish Jews were imprisoned there for the purpose of persecution and exploitation. Conditions were appalling; epidemics of typhus and scarlet fever raged. Beginning 22 August 1942 during the most deadly phase of the Holocaust in occupied Poland, around 10,000 Jews were rounded up – men, women and children – gathered at the Umschlagplatz, and deported to Treblinka extermination camp aboard Holocaust trains. Thousands of Jews were brought in from the ghettos in other cities and towns. In total, at least 17,000 Jews were annihilated in the process of ghetto liquidation. Hundreds of Jews were shot on the spot during the house-to-house searches, along with staff and patients of the Jewish hospital.
Oleksandr Kapliyenko is a Ukrainian football defender. He plays for Russian club FC Tambov.
Dead and Divine was a five-piece post-hardcore band out of Burlington, Ontario, Canada. Their initial success spawned from their 2005 EP What Really Happened At Lover's Lane on Verona Records.
The Furggeltihorn is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, overlooking the Zervreilasee in the canton of Graubünden.
Spring Hill is a city in Maury and Williamson counties, Tennessee, located approximately 30 miles south of Nashville. Spring Hill's population as of 2019 was 43,769. Spring Hill is included in the Nashville metropolitan area.
Tarlac River is a river in Central Luzon, Philippines, covering a drainage area of 1,900 square kilometres traversing the provinces of Tarlac and Pangasinan. The river originates around the vicinity of Mount Pinatubo and empties itself into the Agno River at Poponto Swamp located between the boundaries of Tarlac and Pangasinan. It was formerly the site of traditional balsa or bamboo raft riding, until the river was heavily silted by sticky lahar or mud flow brought by the eruption of Mount Pinatubo on June 15, 1991, filling the river with over 10 feet of lahar. Its main tributary is the O'Donnel River in Santa Lucia, Capas, Tarlac.
Kym Tollenaere is an Australian softball catcher who lives in Queensland, whom she represents in national competitions. She has represented Australia as a member of the Australia women's national softball team. She made the training squad but ultimately did not represent Australia at the 2004 Summer Olympics. As a member of the national team, she earned a gold medal at the 2005 Canada Cup, a silver at the 2005 Pacific Rim tournament and a bronze medal at the 2005 World Cup. She is trying to secure a sport on the squad that will compete at the 2012 ISF XIII Women's World Championships. She has played softball professionally in Japan.
Cijin District is a district of Kaohsiung City, Taiwan, covering Cijin Island and islands in the South China Sea. It is the second smallest district in Kaohsiung City after Yancheng District.
First reported in 1980 by J. Tuttle in a scientific article, feline hyperesthesia syndrome is a complex and poorly understood syndrome that can affect domestic cats of any age, breed, and sex. The syndrome may also be referred to as feline hyperaesthesia syndrome, apparent neuritis, atypical neurodermatitis, psychomotor epilepsy, pruritic dermatitis of Siamese, rolling skin syndrome, and twitchy cat disease. The syndrome usually appears in cats after they've reached maturity, with most cases first arising in cats between one and five years old.
Teotônio Vilela is a municipality located in the western of the Brazilian state of Alagoas. Its population was 41,403 and its area is 298 km².
Bistria is the capital city of Bistria-Nsud County, in northern Transylvania, Romania. It is situated on the River Bistria. The city has a population of approximately 70,000 inhabitants, and it administers six villages: Ghinda, Srata, Sigmir, Sltinia, Unirea and Viioara.
Russ Russo is an American film actor. His work includes Catch Hell, Williamsburg, and the thriller An Act of War.
Truco is a trick-taking card game originally from Valencia and Balearic Islands. It is a variant of Truc. It is popular in South America and Italy. It is usually played using a Spanish deck, among two, four or six players, divided into two teams.
A lobotomy, or leucotomy, is a form of psychosurgery, a neurosurgical treatment of a mental disorder that involves severing connections in the brain's prefrontal cortex. Most of the connections to and from the prefrontal cortex, the anterior part of the frontal lobes of the brain, are severed. It was used for psychiatric and occasionally other conditions as a mainstream procedure in some Western countries for more than two decades, despite general recognition of frequent and serious side effects. While some people experienced symptomatic improvement with the operation, the improvements were achieved at the cost of creating other impairments. The procedure was controversial from its initial use in part due to the balance between benefits and risks. Today, lobotomy has become a disparaged procedure, a byword for medical barbarism and an exemplary instance of the medical trampling of patients' rights.
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. is a Chinese brokerage and investment bank.
Philadelphia City Hall is the city hall of the City of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It serves as the seat of the municipal government of the City of Philadelphia, housing the chambers of the Philadelphia City Council and the offices of the Mayor of Philadelphia. It is also a courthouse, serving as the seat of the First Judicial District of Pennsylvania, and houses the Civil Trial and Orphans' Court Divisions of the Court of Common Pleas of Philadelphia County.
Sauvessanges is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France. It is around 40 km west of Saint-Étienne.
"George R. Crook was a career United States Army officer, most noted for his distinguished service during the American Civil War and the Indian Wars. During the 1880s, the Apache nicknamed Crook Nantan Lupan, which means ""Chief Wolf."""
Tanaina is a census-designated place in the Matanuska-Susitna Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is part of the Anchorage, Alaska Metropolitan Statistical Area. At the 2010 census the population was 8,197, up from 4,993 in 2000.
Sound of the Mountain is a 1954 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Mikio Naruse starring Setsuko Hara, So Yamamura, and Ken Uehara. In a film about social change, an elderly man whose daughter's marriage has failed is forced to watch his son's marriage falling apart before his eyes. It is based on the novel The Sound of the Mountain by Nobel-Prize winner Yasunari Kawabata.
Archibald Clark Kerr, 1st Baron Inverchapel GCMG PC, known as Sir Archibald Clark Kerr between 1935 and 1946, was a British diplomat. He served as Ambassador to the Soviet Union between 1942 and 1946 and to the United States between 1946 and 1948.
Khentkaus II was a royal woman who lived in Ancient Egypt. She was a wife of Egyptian king Neferirkare Kakai of the Fifth Dynasty. She was the mother of two kings, Neferefre and Nyuserre Ini.
Flight 16P of SpaceShipOne was a spaceflight in the Tier One program that took place on September 29, 2004. It was the first competitive flight in the Ansari X PRIZE competition to demonstrate a non-governmental reusable crewed spacecraft, and is hence also referred to as the X1 flight. A serious roll excursion occurred during boost, so the flight did not achieve the expected altitude. However, it exceeded 100 km altitude, making it a successful X PRIZE flight.
Jason Carl Botts is an American former professional baseball left fielder, designated hitter and first baseman. He played in Major League Baseball for the Texas Rangers, and in Nippon Professional Baseball for the Hokkaido Nippon Ham Fighters.
Stephen Russell Davies OBE, better known as Russell T Davies, is a Welsh screenwriter and television producer whose works include Queer as Folk, Bob & Rose, The Second Coming, Casanova, the 2005 revival of the BBC One science fiction series Doctor Who, and the trilogy Cucumber, Tofu, and Banana.
Terror Trail is a 1921 American Western film serial directed by Edward A. Kull. It is considered to be a lost film.
Ben Peter Anthony Tozer is an English professional footballer who plays for League Two club Cheltenham Town as a defensive midfielder.
Vilegodsky District is an administrative district, one of the twenty-one in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. Municipally, it is incorporated as Vilegodsky Municipal District. It is located in the southeast of the oblast and borders with Lensky District in the north, Sysolsky and Priluzsky Districts of the Komi Republic in the east, Luzsky District of Kirov Oblast in the south, and with Kotlassky District in the west. Its administrative center is the rural locality of Ilyinsko-Podomskoye. District's population: 11,158; 13,241; 16,616. The population of Ilyinsko-Podomskoye accounts for 33.0% of the district's total population.
Andorf is a municipality in the district of Schärding in Upper Austria, Austria. As of 2008, it had a population of 5,023.
Heidi-Suzanne Allen is a British politician who served as the Member of Parliament for South Cambridgeshire from 2015 to 2019. Initially elected as a Conservative, she resigned from the party in February 2019, joining and later serving as leader of Change UK. She resigned from Change UK in June of the same year, and joined the Liberal Democrats in October 2019. She announced on 29 October that she would not stand for re-election at the next general election.
Enstatite is a mineral; the magnesium endmember of the pyroxene silicate mineral series enstatite – ferrosilite. The magnesium rich members of the solid solution series are common rock-forming minerals found in igneous and metamorphic rocks. The intermediate composition, SiO, has historically been known as hypersthene, although this name has been formally abandoned and replaced by orthopyroxene. When determined petrographically or chemically the composition is given as relative proportions of enstatite and ferrosilite.
Vicetone is a Dutch electronic musical artist and production duo formed by Ruben den Boer and Victor Pool from Groningen. The duo began as a DJ act, and in 2013, they were voted into the DJ Mag Top 100 DJs list for the first time at 60th as a new entry. Later in 2014, they went up 24 places on the list, coming 36th. In 2015, they fell 14 places to 50th.
"The East Lancs Myllennium Lowlander is the type of double-decker bus body built on the DAF/VDL DB250 chassis by East Lancashire Coachbuilders. The name ""Lowlander"" was derived from the chassis being built by a company from The Netherlands."
Anita is a city in Cass County, Iowa, United States, platted in 1869 and incorporated in 1875. The population was 972 at the 2010 census. Lake Anita State Park is located just outside the town.
"Pasta e fagioli, meaning ""pasta and beans"", is a traditional Italian soup. It is often called pasta fasul in the United States, derived from its Neapolitan name, pasta e fasule.
The Majdanek trials were a series of consecutive war-crime trials held in Poland and in Germany during and after World War II, constituting the overall longest Nazi war crimes trial in history spanning over 30 years. The first judicial trial of Majdanek extermination camp officials took place from November 27, 1944, to December 2, 1944, in Lublin, Poland. The last one, held at the District Court of Düsseldorf began on November 26, 1975, and concluded on June 30, 1981. It was West Germany's longest and most expensive trial, lasting 474 sessions.
Einherjer is a Viking metal band from Haugesund, Norway, founded in 1993. Some of the band's albums are heavily folk influenced, while others have a more traditional symphonic black metal sound. Their lyrics retell Norse legends, and each of their albums has its own theme. The band split up in early 2004 after releasing the album Blot in December 2003, but later reformed.
USS Valley Forge was one of 24 Essex-class aircraft carriers built during and shortly after World War II for the United States Navy. The ship was the first US Navy ship to bear the name, and was named after Valley Forge, the 1777–1778 winter encampment of General George Washington's Continental Army. Valley Forge was commissioned in November 1946, too late to serve in World War II, but saw extensive service in the Korean War and the Vietnam War. She was reclassified in the early 1950s as an attack carrier, then to an antisubmarine carrier, and finally to an amphibious assault ship, carrying helicopters and Marines. As a CVS she served in the Atlantic and Caribbean. She was the prime recovery vessel for an early unmanned Mercury space mission. After conversion to an LPH she served extensively in the Vietnam War. Valley Forge was awarded eight battle stars for Korean War service and nine for Vietnam War service, as well as three Navy Unit Commendations.
Platydorina is a genus of green algae in the family Volvocaceae.
Because of Ghosts is a three-piece post-rock band based in Melbourne, Australia.
Nisshinbo Holdings Inc. is a Japanese company listed on the Nikkei 225. It has a diverse line of businesses that include electronics, automobile brakes, mechatronics, chemicals, textiles, papers and real estate.
Ochlodes is a Holarctic genus in the skipper butterfly family, Hesperiidae. The genus is placed in the tribe Hesperiini.
Jackson Township is one of nine townships in Wells County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 837 and it contained 336 housing units.
Gruimorphae is a clade of birds that contains the orders Charadriiformes and Gruiformes identified in 2014 by genome analysis. This grouping has had historical support, as various charadriiform families such as the families Pedionomidae and Turnicidae were classified as gruiforms. The relationship between these birds is due to similar anatomical and behavioral characteristics. A morphological study went further to suggest that the gruiforms might be paraphyletic in respect to the shorebirds, with the rails being closely related to the buttonquails.
Frankenburg am Hausruck is a municipality in the district of Vöcklabruck in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.
"Eleanor ""Nell"" Mary Hall Hopman was one of the female tennis players that dominated Australian tennis from 1930 through the early 1960s. She was the first wife of Harry Hopman, the coach and captain of 22 Australian Davis Cup teams."
Newell Township is a township in Vermilion County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 13,969 and it contained 6,768 housing units.
Louis Heilprin Pollak was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. He served on the faculty of Yale Law School and was dean from 1965 to 1970, served on the faculty of the University of Pennsylvania Law School and was dean from 1974 to 1978.
"Pussycat was a Dutch country and pop group led by the three Kowalczyk sisters: Toni, Betty and Marianne. Other members of the band were guitarists Lou Willé, Theo Wetzels, Theo Coumans, and John Theunissen. Their song ""Mississippi"" was a #1 hit in most European countries, including the UK, in 1975/76."
Ramonsky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the thirty-two in Voronezh Oblast, Russia. It is located in the northwest of the oblast. The area of the district is 1,281 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the urban locality of Ramon. Population: 32,027; 33,230; 43,711. The population of Ramon accounts for 26.1% of the district's total population.
Jamno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosk, within Sulcin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.
Jean-Baptiste Count de Belloy was an Archbishop of Paris and cardinal of the Catholic Church.
Pudong Shangri-La, East Shanghai, often abridged as Pudong Shangri-La, is a hotel located at 33 Fucheng Lu in Pudong, Shanghai, China. It is part of the Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts chain.
Vertigo heldi is a species of minute, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snail.
The Main is a river in Germany. With a length of 525 kilometres, it is the longest right tributary of the Rhine. It is also the longest river lying entirely in Germany. The largest cities along the Main are Frankfurt am Main, Offenbach am Main and Würzburg.
Otto I of Brunswick-Lüneburg, a member of the House of Welf, was the first duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg from 1235 until his death. He is called Otto the Child to distinguish him from his uncle, Emperor Otto IV.
Marc Anthony Klok is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Indonesian Liga 1 club Persija Jakarta.
The Missouri River is a river in the western United States. It is a tributary of the Mississippi River. It is longer than the Mississippi River. It is, in fact, the longest river in North America.
Napoléon, comte Daru, was a French soldier and politician.
Skorradalsvatn is a lake in the west of Iceland. It is situated in a narrow valley between the Hvalfjörður and the valley Reykholtsdalur. Its length is about 15 km.
Kneitlingen is a municipality in the Wolfenbüttel district in the German state of Lower Saxony. It is part of the Samtgemeinde Elm-Asse. The most recent German census counted a population of just 853 people.
Putnam Bridge was a swing bridge that spanned the Harlem River and the adjacent tracks of the New York Central Railroad in New York City, connecting the boroughs of Manhattan and the Bronx near the current location of Yankee Stadium. It carried two tracks of the New York & Putnam Railroad, and later the 9th Avenue elevated line of the IRT, as well as two pedestrian walkways outside the superstructure.
Jacques Gestraut is a former French cyclist. He competed in the individual road race at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
The Wisconsin Avenue Line, designated as Routes 31 or 33, are daily bus routes operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority between the Friendship Heights station of the Red Line of the Washington Metro and Potomac Park or Federal Triangle. Both lines operate every 10–30 minutes at all times. Route 31 trips are roughly 45 minutes long, while route 33 trips are 55 minutes long. These routes dubbed as the Neighborhood Connectors supplement routes 30N and 30S between Friendship Heights and Potomac Park/Federal Triangle.
Samantha Scarlette is a soft grunge / alternative rock singer-songwriter, guitarist, and internet radio talk show host.
Clear Hills 152C is an Indian reserve of the Horse Lake First Nation in Alberta, located within Clear Hills County. It is 56 kilometers northwest of Fairview. In the 2016 Canadian Census, it recorded a population of 0 living in 1 of its 5 total private dwellings.
"Thénia, sometimes written as Thenia, with around 40,000 inhabitants, is the chief town in the daïra of the same name, in the wilaya of Boumerdès, in northern Algeria. Historically, the name is a contraction of Theniet Beni Aicha ""the mountain pass of the sons of Aisha"", the Arabic translation of the Kabyle Berber toponym Tizi n At ica. The steep-sided pass, which is only about 800 metres wide at its narrowest point, is sometimes taken to mark the transition between Mitidja and Grande Kabylie."
Snag Lake is a lake located in the north eastern part of Lassen Volcanic National Park in California.
The Autonomy Cube was an art project run by American artists and technologists Trevor Paglen and Jacob Appelbaum which places relays for the anonymous communication network Tor in traditional art museums. Both have previously created art pieces that straddle the border between art and technology. The cube is in line with much of Paglen's and Appelbaum's earlier pieces in targeting the field of surveillance and government snooping. The sculptures consist of 1.25 ft blocks of acrylic Lucite containing Wifi-routers based upon two open source hardware Novena-motherboards.
Northbrook is a census-designated place in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States. The population was 10,668 at the 2010 census.
The Forerunner of Revenge, also published in Latin and in German as Prodromus Vindictæ, was a pamphlet accusing George Villiers, 1st Duke of Buckingham of having caused the death of King James I of England by poison. It was written by George Eglisham, who had attended upon King James as a physician, and was first published anonymously with a Frankfurt address. It was in fact printed in Brussels by Jan van Meerbeeck. It contributed to the aura of suspicion that led to the Duke of Buckingham's murder, and was reprinted in 1642 to bring Charles I of England into discredit.
"Clearfield is a city in Davis County, Utah, United States. The population was 30,112 at the 2010 census. The city grew drastically during the 1940s, with the formation of Hill Air Force Base, and in the 1950s with the nationwide increase in suburb and ""bedroom"" community populations and has been steadily growing since then.
Hakea leucoptera, commonly known as silver needlewood, needle hakea, pin bush or water tree and as booldoobah in Koori language, is a shrub or small tree with rigid, cylindrical, sharply pointed leaves and white, cream-coloured or yellow flowers in late spring and early summer. It is widespread and common in central parts of the Australian mainland.
The River Yar on the Isle of Wight, England, rises near the beach at Freshwater Bay, on the south coast, and flows only a few miles north to Yarmouth where it meets the Solent. Most of the river is a tidal estuary. Its headwaters have been truncated by erosion of the south coast.
The Trans-Alay Range is the northernmost range of the Pamir Mountain System.
The Pyramid at Anderston is a community-owned centre for the people of Anderston in Glasgow, which uses the building of the former Anderston Kelvingrove Parish Church.
Sasquatch! Music Festival was an annual music festival held at The Gorge Amphitheatre in George, Washington. It took place on Memorial Day weekend, running for three to four days.
Maria Angélica Barreda became in 1910 the first woman admitted to practice law in Argentina. She graduated from the National University of La Plata in 1909.
The City of Geelong West was a local government area about 5 kilometres west of the regional city of Geelong, Victoria, Australia. The city covered an area of 5.26 square kilometres, and existed from 1875 until 1993.
Rosario Alto is a barrio in the municipality of San Germán, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 721.
Lance Melvin Larson is an American former competition swimmer, Olympic champion, and former world record-holder in four events.
Manson Creek is a small village with a low population located in the Omineca region of British Columbia, Canada. The town is situated on the confluence of Manson Creek and Slate Creek, north of Manson Lakes. The community is quite isolated being 180km north of Fort St. James or 180 kilometres west of Mackenzie via all weather logging roads.
Ppak Fort or Babak Castle is a large citadel on the top of a mountain in the Arasbaran forests, 6 km southwest of Kalibar City in northwestern Iran. It was the stronghold of Babak Khorramdin, the leader of the Khurramites in Iranian Azerbaijan who fought the Islamic caliphate of Abbassids.
Ibresinsky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the twenty-one in the Chuvash Republic, Russia. It is located in the southern central part of the republic and borders with Vurnarsky and Kanashsky Districts in the north, Komsomolsky District in the east, Batyrevsky and Alatyrsky Districts in the south, and with Shumerlinsky and Poretsky Districts in the west. The area of the district is 1,201.2 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the urban locality of Ibresi. Population: 26,192; 28,377; 28,471.
The Atacama people, known as atacameños or atacamas in Spanish and Kunzas, Likan-antai or Likanantaí in English, are indigenous people from the Atacama Desert and altiplano region in the north of Chile and Argentina and southern Bolivia.
"Tazlina Tower is an 8,350-foot elevation glaciated summit located 26 mi northwest of Valdez in the Chugach Mountains of the U.S. state of Alaska. This remote mountain is situated 5.5 mi southeast of Mount Powder Top, and 5.7 mi northeast of Pilot Peak, near the head of Tazlina Glacier, on land managed by Chugach National Forest. Tazlina Tower was named in association with the glacier, in 1959, by Lawrence E. Nielsen of the Chugach Mountains Expedition, which was sponsored by the Arctic Institute of North America. In turn, the glacier, Tazlina Lake, and Tazlina River are traced to the Ahtna language, ""tezlina"", meaning ""swift river."" The mountain's name was officially adopted in 1965 by the U.S. Board on Geographic Names."
Riverside, The Farnsley–Moremen Landing is a historic 300-acre farm and house in south end Louisville, Kentucky, along the banks of the Ohio River. The house, a red brick I-house with a two-story Greek Revival portico, was built c. 1838 by Gabriel Farnsley.
Trumpler 14 is an open cluster with a diameter of six light-years, located within the inner regions of the Carina Nebula, approximately 8,980 light-years from Earth. Together with the nearby Trumpler 16, they are the main clusters of the Carina OB1 stellar association, which is the largest association in the Carina Nebula, although Trumpler 14 is not as massive or as large as Trumpler 16.
The Nimrod, built in the United Kingdom by Ferranti for the 1951 Festival of Britain, was an early computer custom-built to play Nim, inspired by the earlier Nimatron. The twelve-by-nine-by-five-foot computer, designed by John Makepeace Bennett and built by engineer Raymond Stuart-Williams, allowed exhibition attendees to play a game of Nim against an artificial intelligence. The player pressed buttons on a raised panel corresponding with lights on the machine to select their moves, and the Nimrod moved afterward, with its calculations represented by more lights. The speed of the Nimrod's calculations could be reduced to allow the presenter to demonstrate exactly what the computer was doing, with more lights showing the state of the calculations. The Nimrod was intended to demonstrate Ferranti's computer design and programming skills rather than to entertain, though Festival attendees were more interested in playing the game than the logic behind it. After its initial exhibition in May, the Nimrod was shown for three weeks in October 1951 at the Berlin Industrial Show before being dismantled.
Appoquinimink Friends Meetinghouse, also known as the Odessa Friends Meetinghouse, is a very small but historic Quaker meetinghouse on Main Street in Odessa, Delaware. It was built in 1785 by David Wilson and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. Members of the meeting, including John Hunn and his cousin John Alston, were active in the Underground Railroad and Harriet Tubman may have hid in the meetinghouse. Measuring about 20 feet by 22 feet, it may be the smallest brick house of worship in the United States.
The Marias River is a tributary of the Missouri River, approximately 210 mi long, in the U.S. state of Montana. It is formed in Glacier County, in northwestern Montana, by the confluence of the Cut Bank Creek and the Two Medicine River. It flows east, through Lake Elwell, formed by the Tiber Dam, then southeast, receiving the Teton River at Loma, 2 mi. above its confluence with the Missouri.
Wagenborgen is a village in the Dutch province of Groningen. It is a part of the municipality of Delfzijl, and lies about 25 km east of Groningen.
Gadebusch station is a railway station in the municipality of Gadebusch, located in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Tomislav Dujmovi is a former Croatian footballer.
Union District, formerly Union Magisterial District, is one of five historic magisterial districts in Jackson County, West Virginia. The district was originally known as Hushan's Mills Township, one of five civil townships established in 1863, at the height of the Civil War; it was subsequently given the patriotic name of Union Township. In 1872, West Virginia's townships were converted into magisterial districts. When Jackson County was redistricted in the 1990s, the area of Union District was included in the new Western Magisterial District. However, the county's historic magisterial districts continue to exist in the form of tax districts, serving all of their former administrative functions except for the election of county officials.
In enzymology, a L-lysine 6-monooxygenase (NADPH) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
LFK NG from Lenkflugkörper Neue Generation is under development by MBDA Germany and Diehl BGT Defence as the new short-range surface-to-air missile system for the German Army as a replacement for its Roland air defence systems and as a part of the army's new SysFla air defence program to supplement the new Ozelot air defence systems.
Hermann Conring was a German intellectual. He made significant contributions to the study of medicine, politics and law.
Huisseau-sur-Cosson is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Mount Union is a borough in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania, approximately 44 miles southeast of Altoona and 12 miles southeast of Huntingdon, on the Juniata River. In the vicinity are found bituminous coal, ganister rock, fire clay, and some timber. A major Easter grass factory is located in the northern quadrant of the borough limits; until May 2007, the facility was owned by Bleyer Industries. The population was 2,447 at the 2010 census.
Duke of Saldanha is a Portuguese title granted by royal decree of Queen Maria II of Portugal, dated from November 4, 1846, to João Carlos Saldanha de Oliveira Daun, also known as Marshal Saldanha, leader of the liberal armies, during the Liberal Wars in Portugal.
Dmitri Yurievich Nossov is a Russian judoka and politician.
The Guzerá or Guzerat is a Brazilian breed of domestic cattle. It derives from cross-breeding of Indian Kankrej cattle, imported to Brazil from 1870 onwards, with local taurine Crioulo cattle of European origin. The name is a Portuguese spelling of that of the western Indian state of Gujarat.
Bengkulu is the capital of the Indonesian province of Bengkulu. The city is the second largest city on the west coast of Sumatra Island after Padang. Previously this area is under the influence of the kingdom of Inderapura and the Sultanate of Banten. The city also became the exile of Sukarno during the period of 1939 - 1942. It had a population of 308,756 at the 2010 Census, the latest estimate is 328,827. The city is also the largest city of Bengkulu Province.
DeWitt County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. As of the 2010 census, the population was 16,561. Its county seat is Clinton. The county was formed on March 1, 1839 from Macon and McLean counties. The county was named in honor of the seventh Governor of New York State, DeWitt Clinton.
John Thomas Averill was a United States Army officer in the American Civil War who later became a U.S. congressional representative from Minnesota.
George II of Münsterberg-Oels was a Duke of Münsterberg 1536-1542 and Duke of Oels. He also held the title of a Count of Glatz.
Ban Bang Krathum is a town in the Bang Krathum Subdistrict of Bang Krathum District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
River Street Tower is a high-rise tower under construction in Manchester, England. The tower will be situated immediately north of the Mancunian Way on land which was notably occupied by a concrete car park frame from 2005 to 2018.
The smallmouth scad, is a species of tropical marine fish in the jack family Carangidae. The species is endemic to northern Australia, inhabiting primarily inshore waters. It is similar to other scads in the genus Alepes, and is distinguished by a well-developed posterior adipose eyelid, as well as fin membrane spotting and gill raker counts. It is not a large species, with the maximum length reported to be 29.5 cm. It feeds primarily on a variety of small invertebrates, and is of very minor economic importance.
Tyler Polumbus is a former American football offensive tackle. He was signed by the Denver Broncos as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at the University of Colorado at Boulder.
Sultan of the Disco is a disco band from South Korea.
Actionspace is a software as a service task and project management application for SharePoint and Office 365 designed to help teams organise and track their work. The solution is business-centered and used mostly in companies and organizations of all sizes.
The Bombardier Aventra is a British family of electric multiple unit passenger trains designed by Bombardier Transportation, as a successor to the Bombardier Electrostar.
Uznezya is a rural locality and the administrative center of Uznezinskoye Rural Settlement of Chemalsky District, the Altai Republic, Russia. The population was 501 as of 2016. There are 16 streets.
The Viljandi Folk Music Festival is a music festival in Estonia with a central focus on European folk music. It is traditionally held during the last weekend of July, when the otherwise quiet city of Viljandi is completely transformed as the small city center is suddenly flooded with people. The main attraction of the festival is the friendly atmosphere. Over 25,000 people attend the concerts every year, but many more just come to take part in the festivities. As such, it is the largest annual music festival in Estonia, and one of the largest folk music festivals in Europe.
Spix's guan is a species of bird in the family Cracidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Guyana, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest. Its estimated global range is approximately 5,000,000 km² and is common in at least parts of this range. It is therefore considered a least concern species by the IUCN.
The 2010 Jarama Superleague Formula round was a Superleague Formula round held on June 20, 2010, at the Circuito del Jarama circuit, Madrid, Spain. It was the second year in a row that Superleague Formula visited the Jarama circuit, and was the first of two races in Spain for 2010. It was the fourth round of the 2010 Superleague Formula season.
Far West was a settlement of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Caldwell County, Missouri, United States. It is recognized as a historic site by the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Brisbane is a small city located in California in the northern part of San Mateo County on the lower slopes of San Bruno Mountain. It is located on the southern border of San Francisco, on the northeastern edge of South San Francisco, next to San Francisco Bay and near San Francisco International Airport. The population was 4,282 as of the 2010 census.
Mauremys is a genus of turtles in the family Geoemydidae.
Sigüés is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census, the municipality has a population of 172 inhabitants.
Robot Operating System is robotics middleware. Although ROS is not an operating system, it provides services designed for a heterogeneous computer cluster such as hardware abstraction, low-level device control, implementation of commonly used functionality, message-passing between processes, and package management. Running sets of ROS-based processes are represented in a graph architecture where processing takes place in nodes that may receive, post and multiplex sensor data, control, state, planning, actuator, and other messages. Despite the importance of reactivity and low latency in robot control, ROS itself is not a real-time OS. It is possible, however, to integrate ROS with real-time code. The lack of support for real-time systems has been addressed in the creation of ROS 2.0, a major revision of the ROS API which will take advantage of modern libraries and technologies for core ROS functionality and add support for real-time code and embedded hardware.
Mount Tlaloc is a mountain and archaeological site in central Mexico. It is located in the State of Mexico, in the municipalities of Ixtapaluca and Texcoco, close to the state border with Puebla. Formerly an active volcano, it has an official altitude of 4,120 metres above sea level, thus being the 9th tallest mountain of Mexico.
The Mercury Lounge is a live-music venue in the Lower East Side of New York City. Like its brother venue The Bowery Ballroom, The Mercury Lounge is celebrated as an iconic indie venue due its acoustics, its fostering and even launching of upcoming artists, and its no-frills, rock n' roll presentation. It has made numerous top-ten lists over the years including that of Billboard Magazine. It has a capacity of 250 people.
The P-96 is a Russian 9 mm semi-automatic pistol designed by the KBP Instrument Design Bureau for the Russian Armed Forces. The pistol was not accepted and then offered in a modernized form for law enforcement and security firms.
The R211 is a future new technology New York City Subway car to be built by Kawasaki Heavy Industries for the B Division and the Staten Island Railway. They will replace all R44 cars on the Staten Island Railway and all R46 subway cars. The order is split into three parts: R211A and R211T cars for the subway and R211S cars for the SIR. The R211Ts will employ open gangways between cars, a feature not present on current rolling stock. The base order consists of 535 cars, with options for up to 1,077 additional cars.
The Ottoman Empire was a state that controlled much of Southeastern Europe, Western Asia, and Northern Africa between the 14th and early 20th centuries. It was founded at the end of the 13th century in northwestern Anatolia in the town of Söüt by the Turkoman tribal leader Osman I. Although initially the dynasty was of Turkic origin, it was Persianised in terms of language, culture, literature and habits. After 1354, the Ottomans crossed into Europe and with the conquest of the Balkans, the Ottoman beylik was transformed into a transcontinental empire. The Ottomans ended the Byzantine Empire with the 1453 conquest of Constantinople by Mehmed the Conqueror.
Leptosciarella subspinulosa is a species of fly in the family Sciaridae. It is found in the Palearctic.
The Nipro Hachiko Dome is a large wooden stadium in date, Akita, in the north of Japan. The stadium covers an area of 12,915 m². It was completed in June 1997 and is made from 25,000 Akita Cypress trees which are covered with a special double Teflon-coated membrane. This allows enough sunlight into the stadium so that during the day no artificial lights are needed. The stadium is principally used for baseball games, but thanks in part to its removable grandstands, the stadium can also be used for other sports and events.
La Faloise is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Julia Zirnstein is a German football defender, currently playing for SC Sand in the 2nd Bundesliga. She previously played for SC Freiburg in the 1st Bundesliga.
Bernhard Cullmann is a former German football player. He has played for West Germany national team.
Guémon Region is one of the 31 regions of Ivory Coast. Since its establishment in 2011, it has been one of three regions in Montagnes District. The seat of the region is Duékoué and the region's population in the 2014 census was 919,392.
Corona de Tucson is a census-designated place in Pima County, Arizona, United States. The population was 5,675 at the 2010 census, an increase of 598% from the 2000 population of 813.
Jiguan District is a district and the seat of the city of Jixi, Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.
HMS Grafton (H89) was a G-class destroyer built for the Royal Navy during the mid-1930s. During the Spanish Civil War of 1936–1939 the ship spent considerable time in Spanish waters, enforcing the non-intervention measures agreed by Britain and France. After the beginning of World War II she was transferred from the Mediterranean Fleet to Great Britain for escort and contraband inspection duties. Grafton was refitting when the Norwegian Campaign began in April 1940, but the ship escorted convoys to Norway once her refit was completed. She evacuated British troops from the Dunkirk bridgehead in May, but was sunk by a German submarine after she stopped to rescue survivors from another British destroyer.
Sawan Serasinghe is a badminton player from Australia. He won seven Oceania Championships titles, five in the men's doubles and two in the mixed doubles. Serasinghe competed in the men's doubles event at the 2016 Summer Olympics alongside Matthew Chau.
Suh Hyo-won or Seo Hyo-won is a South Korean table tennis player. She competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the women's singles event, in which she was eliminated in the fourth round by Cheng I-ching, and as part of the South Korean team in the women's team event.
Saint Benignus of Dijon was a martyr honored as the patron saint and first herald of Christianity of Dijon, Burgundy. His feast falls, with All Saints, on November 1; his name stands under this date in the Martyrology of St. Jerome.
A full-course dinner is a dinner consisting of multiple dishes, or courses. In its simplest form, it can consist of three or four courses; for example: first course, a main course, and dessert.
Karkkila is a town and a municipality of Finland.
Teesquay Millennium Footbridge is a footbridge crossing east-west over the River Tees, in Stockton-on-Tees in the Northeast of England.
Rurutu is the northernmost island in the Austral archipelago of French Polynesia, and the name of a commune consisting solely of that island. It is situated 572 km south of Tahiti. Its land area is 32.7 km². It is 10.8 km long and 5.3 km wide. Its highest point is 389 m. At the 2017 census it had a population of 2,466.
Tirupperunthurai is located in Avudaiyarkoil. It is a Shaiva temple situated near Aranthangi in the Pudukkottai district of Tamil Nadu. One of the sacred books of Tamil Saiva Siddhanta, Manikkavasagar's Tiruvacakam, originated from this shrine. Manikkavasagar is said to have converted the king to the religion of Shiva and built the temple with money that had been intended for war-horses.
Eric Ulyssee Frampton is a former American football safety in the National Football League for the Detroit Lions, Minnesota Vikings, Dallas Cowboys, and New Orleans Saints. He was drafted by the Oakland Raiders in the fifth round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played college football at Washington State.
The Saint-François River is a river in the Canadian province of Quebec.
The Frederica Historic District is a national historic district located at Frederica, Kent County, Delaware. It encompasses 118 contributing buildings in the town of Frederica. The oldest buildings date to the middle of the 18th century. The district includes a number of 18th and 19th century commercial and residential buildings in a variety of popular architectural styles including Greek Revival, Italianate, and Federal. Notable buildings include Trinity Methodist Church, Robbins Hardware Store, the Hathorn House, Wootten Store, John Dill Store, Robert Dill House, firehouse, post office, and the Governor Hall House, the home of Delaware Governor John W. Hall.
"The Siebens Building is a 220-foot high-rise in Rochester, Minnesota, United States. It is built where the William Worrall Mayo home had been, and the original Mayo Clinic building was built on the site in 1914. The Siebens Building is operated by Mayo Clinic and is the center for educational activities and houses the Venables Heath Science Library, classrooms and computer labs. The building also holds some Mayo Clinic's administrative office's and study areas. The 14th floor—referred to as the ""Greenhouse"" for its glass, pitched ceilings or greenhouse-like look—is home to Mayo Clinic Volunteer Office.
"Hon-Nakano Station is a railway station on the Tobu Koizumi Line in ra, Gunma, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Tobu Railway. It is numbered ""TI-42""."
HNLMS Zeeland was a Holland-class protected cruiser of the Royal Netherlands Navy.
The Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Neo is an Android phablet smartphone produced by Samsung Electronics. The Galaxy Note 3 Neo was unveiled by Samsung Poland on February 1, 2014, with its worldwide release later in that month. Serving as a lower priced version of the Samsung Galaxy Note 3, the Note 3 Neo was designed to have the same lighter, more upscale design than previous iterations of the Galaxy series first supported by its bigger sibling, and to expand upon the stylus and multi-tasking oriented functionality in its software, which includes the new navigation wheel for pen-enabled apps, along with pop-up apps and expanded multi-window functionality.
The University of Illinois School of Architecture is an academic unit within the College of Fine & Applied Arts at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The school is organized around four Program Areas - Building Performance, Detail + Fabrication, Health + Well-being, and Urbanism. Faculty teach and conduct research in these areas in support of the School's primary objective to promote critical engagement with the design of a healthy and sustainable built environment.
"Jonathan Coffer is a Grammy-nominated English songwriter and record producer. He has written and produced for artists including Beyoncé, Fall Out Boy, Weezer, Rita Ora, Lykke Li, Naughty Boy, Emeli Sandé, Redlight, Gorgon City, Wretch 32 and All Saints. He co-wrote the UK number 1 hit ""La La La"", as well as ""Runnin'"" with Naughty Boy. He has worked on records for Beyoncé and Arrow Benjamin, and the UK Top 20 hits ""Lost in Your Love"" and ""Get Out My Head"" with Redlight. Coffer co-wrote and produced the song ""Freedom"" from Beyonce's 2016 album Lemonade."
Kaos India is an Italian indie alternative rock band born in 2011 in Modena. They shared the stage with some names of the Italian and international alternative scene such as Placebo, Gomma, The Bastard Sons of Dioniso, Rumatera, Giorginess, Alteria.The group is a quartet composed of Matt Camurri, Fresh Sireno, Joe Schiaffi and Vince Moreo. They debut with the homonymous EP Kaos IndiA in December 2011, recorded at the Bizzarri Studio in Modena in collaboration with Dario Casillo. After the tour of promotion of the first EP, the group publishes in 2014 the debut album The Distance Between.
Tbilisi, in some countries also still known by its pre-1936 international designation, Tiflis, is the capital and the largest city of Georgia, lying on the banks of the Kura River with a population of approximately 1.5 million people. Tbilisi was founded in the 5th century AD by Vakhtang I of Iberia, and since then has served as the capital of various Georgian kingdoms and republics. Between 1801 and 1917, then part of the Russian Empire, Tbilisi was the seat of the Imperial Viceroy, governing both Southern and Northern Caucasus.
"Glacier County is located in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 13,399. The county is located in northwestern Montana between the Great Plains and the Rocky Mountains, known to the Blackfeet as the ""Backbone of the World"". The county is geographically and culturally diverse and includes the Blackfeet Indian Reservation, Glacier National Park, and Lewis and Clark National Forest. The county is bordered by 75 miles of international boundary with two ports of entry open year-round and one seasonal international border crossing into Alberta, Canada."
Panochthus is an extinct genus of glyptodont, which lived in the Gran Chaco-Pampean region of Argentina, Brazil, Bolivia, Paraguay and Uruguay during the Pleistocene epoch.
Prince Wadysaw Czartoryski was a Polish noble, political activist in exile, collector of art, and founder of the Czartoryski Museum in Kraków.
Molinopampa is a district of the Chachapoyas Province, Peru. The district is located at an altitude of 2,407 m above sea level, covers an area of 400 km². It is located at the right bank of the Ventilla River.
HMS Nelson was the name ship of her class of two battleships built for the Royal Navy in the 1920s. They were the first battleships built to meet the limitations of the Washington Naval Treaty of 1922. Entering service in 1927, the ship spent her peacetime career with the Atlantic and Home Fleets, usually as the fleet flagship. During the early stages of Second World War, she searched for German commerce raiders, missed participating in the Norwegian Campaign after she was badly damaged by a mine in late 1939, and escorted convoys in the Atlantic Ocean.
Friedrich von Müller was a German statesman.
The Palace of Charles of Lorraine is a neoclassical palace in Brussels, Belgium. It served as the residence of Charles Alexander of Lorraine, the Governor-General of what was then Austrian Netherlands from 1744 to 1780. The palace currently houses a museum.
Oregon Coast Community College is a public community college in Newport, Oregon. OCCC serves students in Lincoln County and has approximately 2,000 students and a faculty of 45 people. Of the 17 community colleges in Oregon, only Klamath Community College is younger, and only Tillamook Bay Community College has fewer students.
Godda district is one of the twenty-four districts of Jharkhand state in eastern India It lies in the northeastern part of the state. The geographical area that now comprises Godda district used to be part of the erstwhile Santhal Parganas district. Godda town is the headquarters of Godda district.
IC 4592 is a reflection nebula in the Scorpius constellation that is lit by Nu Scorpii.
Vilseck is a town in the Oberpfalz region of northeastern Bavaria, Germany, situated on the river Vils, a tributary of the Naab river.
Gilvydas Biruta is a professional Lithuanian basketball player, who lastly played for Lietkabelis Panevžys. He plays at the power forward position.
Wheeler County is a county in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2010 census, the population was 1,441, making it Oregon's least populous county. It is named in honor of Henry H. Wheeler, an early settler who owned a farm near Mitchell. The county seat is Fossil, and Wheeler County is known for having Oregon's largest deposit of fossils.
Radford Road is a tram stop on Nottingham Express Transit, in the city of Nottingham suburb of Hyson Green. The tram stop opened on 9 March 2004, along with the rest of NET's initial system from Phoenix Park and Hucknall to Station Street. It is located on a one way section of the tramway, and is served only by southbound trams; the nearest northbound stop is Beaconsfield Street. The tram stop has one side platform flanking the single track, which is shared with other road traffic.
Politiko is a village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus.
German Valley is a village in Stephenson County, Illinois, United States. German Valley is located four miles south of U.S. Route 20 between Freeport and Rockford. German Valley had a population of 463 at the 2010 census, down from 481 in 2000.
Clarks Summit is a borough in Lackawanna County northwest of Scranton in northeastern Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 5,116 at the 2010 census. It is also the northern terminus of the Pennsylvania Turnpike Northeast Extension, I-476.
Thomas Deutgen, is a Swedish television and radio presenter, best known as presenter of the Sveriges Radio show I afton dans. He has been a reporter and presenter for the local radio SR Norrbotten, and editor at the magazine Får jag lov. He has also presented the danceband music show P4 Dans on Sveriges Radio P4.
John Baker, M.S.C. is a Canadian entrepreneur. Baker founded D2L while studying Systems design engineering at the University of Waterloo.
Ryan Dean Budde is an American former professional baseball catcher.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Papeete is a Metropolitan Archdiocese in French Polynesia. It is responsible for the suffragan diocese of Taiohae o Tefenuaenata.
The desert death adder is a species of snake native to Australia and is one of the most venomous land snakes in the world. The desert death adder is under threat due to the destruction of habitat.
"David ""Dai"" John is a Welsh former professional snooker player. John is banned from
Vefsn is a municipality in Nordland county, Norway. It is part of the Helgeland traditional region. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Mosjøen. Some of the notable villages in Vefsn include Drevvassbygda, Elsfjord, and Husvik.
Navy Counselor is a United States Navy occupational rating.
Rômulo Duncan Arantes Neto is a Brazilian actor.
Emperor Seimu, also known as Wakatarashihiko no Sumeramikoto, was the 13th Emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession. Both the Kojiki, and the Nihon Shoki record events that took place during Seimu's alleged lifetime. This legendary Emperor is best known for organizing his local governments by making the first appointments of their kind to provinces under his rule. Seimu had only one recorded wife who bore him a single child, he also had a concubine but she had no children. This is in stark contrast to his father, who is said to have had at least 80 children with multiple wives.
Packington is a parish municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec, located in the Témiscouata Regional County Municipality in the Bas-Saint-Laurent region.
Ahmad Kamal Abdullah is a Malaysian poet, novelist, playwright, literary critic writing in Malay. He is known under the pseudonym Kemala. He is a Malaysian National Laureate.
"Santa Fe is the third locality of Bogotá, Capital District of Colombia. Santa Fe is part of the traditional downtown of the city of Bogotá, the area where the city was founded by Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada on August 6, 1538. This area once comprised Bogotá's total main urban area and was known as ""Santa Fe de Bogotá"" with its traditional neighbourhoods.
Coosawhatchie is an unincorporated community located in Jasper County, South Carolina, United States at the northern head of the Broad River. It served as the headquarters for General Robert E. Lee during the early part of the American Civil War. It is accessible from Interstate 95 via Exit 28.
Matti Breschel is a Danish retired professional road racing cyclist, who competed between 2005 and 2019 for the Rabobank, Tinkoff–Saxo, Astana and EF Education First teams.
Lubom is a village and municipality in Nový Jiín District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.
Marco Fu Ka-chun, MH, JP is a Hong Kong professional snooker player. He won the 2007 Grand Prix, beating Ronnie O'Sullivan in the final, and was the runner-up in the 2008 UK Championship and the 2011 Masters. He also won the 2013 Australian Goldfields Open and the 2016 Scottish Open and was runner-up in the 2013 German Masters and 2013 International Championship. In addition, Fu has reached the semi-finals of the World Championship twice – in 2006 and in 2016.
Copper Breaks State Park is a state park in Hardeman County, Texas, located approximately 12 miles south of Quanah, the county seat. It covers 1,898.8 acres and contains two small lakes and 10 miles of trails.
Daubensee is a lake at Gemmi Pass in Valais, Switzerland. It is the site of the annual Shepherd Festival held on the last Sunday in July. It has a surface area of 69 ha.
Steve Fitzsimmons is a former Australian football player and coach.
Doncourt-sur-Meuse is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Jan Constantine is a British designer, businesswoman and author. She is the head designer and managing director of Jan Constantine Ltd. She is widely recognised for her hand-embroidered cushions, accessories and patriotic interiors, and she has written two books.
Ursinia is a genus of African plants in the chamomile tribe within the daisy family.
Lakhimpur is a city and a municipal board in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Tin Fu is an MTR Light Rail stop. It is located at the ground of Tin Shui Road, next to Tin Fu Court, in Tin Shui Wai, Yuen Long District. The distance between it and Chung Fu Stop is the shortest in the current Light Rail system. It began service on 7 December 2003 and belongs to Zone 5A.
Simão Gonçalves da Câmara, known as the Magnificent due to the opulence of his household and the liberality of his character, was a Portuguese fidalgo and the third Donatary-Captain of Funchal. His term as governor of the southwestern half of Madeira Island coincided with its period of greatest prosperity. Simão da Câmara is noted for his support of the Portuguese campaigns in Northern Africa, and for the lavish embassy he sent Pope Leo X in thanks for the creation of the Diocese of Funchal in 1514.
"Thomas Muster is a former world No. 1 tennis player from Austria. One of the world's leading clay court players in the 1990s, he won the 1995 French Open and at his peak was known as ""The King of Clay."" In addition, he won eight Masters 1000 Series titles. Muster is one of the nine players to win Super 9/ATP Masters Series/ATP World Tour Masters 1000 titles on clay, hardcourt and indoors."
Manolo Carrasco is a pianist and conductor. He is the author of Real Escuela Andaluza de Arte Ecuestre's music. He has recorded a few albums and is also a developer and performer on tours around Japan, China, the US, Europe and Spain.
The Aargau S-Bahn is an S-Bahn-style regional rail network serving the canton of Aargau, Switzerland.
Abri is a small town, in the Sudanese wilayat of the Northern state. It is on the river bank of the Nile, and it lies near the second cataract that is now submerged by Lake Nasser. Its population is estimated to be about 40,000 residents.
Land's End is a headland and holiday complex in western Cornwall, England, situated within the Penwith peninsula about eight miles west-south-west of Penzance at the western end of the A30 road. To the east of it is the English Channel, and to the west the Celtic Sea.
The Silva Poetry House is a Colombian historical cultural organization located in the Candelaria neighborhood of Bogotá. It was founded on May 24, 1986 by Belisario Betancur, in the house where the Colombian poet José Asunción Silva used to live. It has a library and a bookshop specializing in poetry, a music library, and an auditorium. The house was declared a National Monument of Colombia in 1995.
Admiral Sir Charles Hamilton, 2nd Baronet KCB, was a British naval officer and commodore-governor of Newfoundland.
Gary Reed is a Canadian retired middle distance runner. On September 2, 2007, he won the silver medal in the 2007 World Championships in Athletics in Osaka, Japan, with a time of 1.47.10. Reed was born in Corpus Christi, Texas, and currently resides in Kamloops, British Columbia.
Bresles is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Charles Morerod, O.P., is a Swiss Dominican prelate. Since 2011, he has been bishop of Lausanne, Geneva and Fribourg. Previously, he served as Rector of the Pontifical University of St. Thomas Aquinas, professor of dogmatic theology, and Secretary General of the International Theological Commission.
Niall Campbell Ferguson is a Scottish-born historian and the Milbank Family Senior Fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University. Previously, he was a professor at Harvard University and New York University, visiting professor at New College of the Humanities and senior research fellow at Jesus College, Oxford.
"Doug Wayne Gwosdz, nicknamed ""Eyechart"", is an American former professional baseball catcher.
NSB WLAB-2 or WLAB2 is a class of twenty sleeping cars built by Strømmens Verksted for the Norwegian State Railways. They serve as the sole sleepers in Norway, being used on the Bergen Line, Dovre Line, Nordland Line and Sørlandet Line. Each car features fifteen compartments, which can each be utilized with a single or twin bunk configuration. The carriages have a unique octagonal shape, are 27 meters long and weigh 48 tonnes.
The American Institute for Conservation is a national membership organization of conservation professionals, headquartered in Washington D.C..
Adelaide, Abbess of Vilich, also known as Adelheid, was the abbess of Vilich and also of St. Maria im Kapitol in Cologne; she was declared a saint post mortem. After her death she was remembered for the miracles that were ascribed to her. Her parents were Megingoz, count of Guelders, and Gerberga, who was a descendant of Henry I. They were also the founders of the convent at Vilich. The main source for her life is the hagriographical work Vita Adelheidis.
She Who Must Be Obeyed is a minimalist sculpture 33 feet wide and 16 feet deep made by Tony Smith in 1975. It is located at the Frances Perkins Building, in downtown, Washington, D.C.. The piece consists of nine geometric rhomboid units, bolted and welded together and painted blue.
"Athelred or Æthelred was King of Wessex from 865 to 871. He succeeded his brother Ethelbert at the time of the invasion of England by the ""Great Heathen Army"". He was the first of the four sons of Athelwulf not to rule as ""under-king"" before he became king of Wessex."
Alejandro José Machado is a former professional baseball infielder. He is a switch-hitter and throws right-handed.
USS Hunchback was a side-wheel, steam-powered gunboat used by the United States Navy during the American Civil War.
Farhad Manjoo is an American journalist. Manjoo was a staff writer for Slate magazine from 2008 to 2013 and left Slate in September 2013 to join The Wall Street Journal as a technology columnist. Manjoo replaced columnist David Pogue at The New York Times in January 2014 and has been a contributor to National Public Radio since 2009.
George Baldwin was a British merchant, writer and diplomat of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries whose career was principally based in Egypt, where he established valuable trade links for the East India Company and negotiated directly with the Ottoman governors. Despite repeated warnings of the importance of Egypt to links with British India, his advice was ignored and thus when Napoleon Bonaparte invaded Egypt in 1798 the British were ill-placed to respond directly. In 1801 he assisted the British counter-invasion of Egypt and later returned to Britain with his wife Jane Maltass, a famous society beauty. Although a highly successful merchant and diplomat, Baldwin found himself a subject of ridicule on his return to Britain for his belief in the healing power of magnets, then widely considered a pseudoscience. He retired to Earl's Court in London and died there in 1826.
Schlettau is a town in the district of Erzgebirgskreis, in Saxony in Germany. It is situated in the Ore Mountains, 5 km southwest of Annaberg-Buchholz, and 12 km east of Schwarzenberg.
Bowdon is a village and electoral ward in the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford, Greater Manchester, England. Bowdon, Hale and Hale Barns together are regarded as the wealthiest areas in Greater Manchester, and similarly wealthy to Cheshire Golden Triangle towns Wilmslow, Alderley Edge and Prestbury. These towns and the area between them contain some of the most expensive properties in England outside London.
Clairette blanche is a white wine grape variety most widely grown in the wine regions of Provence, Rhône and Languedoc in France. At the end of the 1990s, there were 3,000 hectares of Clairette blanche grown in France, although volumes are decreasing.
Patrick Francis Moran was the third Roman Catholic Archbishop of Sydney and the first cardinal appointed from Australia.
Julian is a census-designated place in San Diego County, California, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 1,502, down from 1,621 at the 2000 census.
Ports de Tortosa-Beseit, also known as Ports de Beseit, or simply as Els Ports or Lo Port by locals, is a limestone mountain massif located at the north-eastern end of the Sistema Ibérico, a complex system of mountain ranges and massifs in the centre of the Iberian Peninsula. Its highest point is Mont Caro, 1,441 m. Rivers such as the Matarranya and the Sénia have their source in these mountains.
Skurup Municipality is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden. Its seat is located in the town Skurup. It is considered part of Greater Malmö by Statistics Sweden.
The Lola Maverick Lloyd House is a historic house at 455 Birch Street in Winnetka, Illinois. The house was built in 1920 for pacifist and feminist activist Lola Maverick Lloyd and her four children. At the time, Lloyd had recently undergone a public divorce from William Bross Lloyd; while she expressed a desire to move back to Texas, where she had grown up, her custody agreement required her to stay in Illinois. Architect Charles Haag designed the house with the assistance of Lloyd herself; their design is in the Arts and Crafts style and includes influences from both Texas and Haag's native Sweden. The house has a distinctive red, cream, turquoise and teal color scheme and features carved wooden decorations inspired by animals and nature, gable ends with board-and-batten siding, and shed-roofed dormers projecting from the roof. While she often rented it while traveling to Europe to advance her activist work, Lloyd considered the house her home until her death in 1944, and it remained in her family for the rest of the twentieth century.
Rethymno is a city of little more than 30,000 people in Greece, the capital of Rethymno regional unit on the island of Crete, a former Latin Catholic bishopric as Retimo and former Latin titular see.
A Military Junta or Junta Militar ruled Brazil from August 31 to October 30, 1969, between the sudden illness of President Artur da Costa e Silva and the swearing-in of Emílio Garrastazu Médici as his successor.
2017 OF is a resonant trans-Neptunian object from the Kuiper belt, located in the outermost region of the Solar System. The likely dwarf planet belongs to the Kuiper belt's plutino population and measures approximately 533 kilometers in diameter. It was first observed on 26 July 2017, by American astronomers David Tholen, Scott Sheppard, and Chad Trujillo at Mauna Kea Observatories in Hawaii, but not announced until 31 May 2018 due to observations made in April and May 2018 refining its orbit significantly.
Alvy Ray Smith III is an American computer scientist who co-founded Lucasfilm's Computer Division and Pixar, participating in the 1980s and 1990s expansion of computer animation into feature film.
The supreme governor of the Church of England is the titular head of the Church of England, a position which is vested in the British monarch. Although the monarch's authority over the Church of England is largely ceremonial and is mostly observed in a symbolic capacity, the position is still very relevant to the church. As the supreme governor, the monarch formally appoints high-ranking members of the church on the advice of the prime minister of the United Kingdom, who is in turn advised by church leaders.
Walter Breuning was an American supercentenarian and former railroader, and at the time of his death the oldest living man in the world after the death of British World War I-veteran Henry Allingham on July 18, 2009, and the oldest living man in the United States since December 27, 2008 upon the death of George Francis. He was also a colorectal cancer survivor.
The David and Maggie Aegerter Barn is a gambrel-roofed barn in Linn County, in northwestern Oregon, that was built in 1915. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
Bull Creek is a village in northwest Taney County, Missouri, United States. The population was 603 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Branson, Missouri Micropolitan Statistical Area.
The Nariphon, also known as Makkaliphon, is a tree in Buddhist mythology which bears fruit in the shape of young female creatures. The maidens grow attached by their head from the tree branches. This tree grows at the Himaphan, a mythical forest where the female fruits are enjoyed by the Gandharvas who cut the fruits and take them away.
The Cathedral of St. Mary is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Batticaloa in Puliyanthivu. The cathedral is a landmark and catholic historical icon in the district of Batticaloa, Sri Lanka. It was first built in 1808 by Paschal Mudaliyar.
Penn Township is a township in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, United States, established on October 23, 1860 from Upper Dickinson Township. The population was 2,924 at the 2010 census.
Ward is a town in Moody County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 48 at the 2010 census.
Ormoy is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department and Centre-Val de Loire region of north-central France. It lies 20 km north of Chartres and some 70 km west-south-west of Paris.
The cello or violoncello is a bowed string instrument of the violin family. Its four strings are usually tuned in perfect fifths: from low to high, C, G, D and A. Each string is an octave lower than the viola's four strings. Music for the cello is generally written in the bass clef, with tenor clef and treble clef used for higher-range passages.
Duke Ernest of Bavaria was the Administrator of the dioceses of Passau and Salzburg and pledge lord of Glatz.
The Hoopes–Smith House is a late Victorian period, Queen Anne Style home built between 1890 and 1892 in Rockport, Texas by James M. Hoopes, a prominent local businessman and land developer.
Fabio Fabene has been the Under-Secretary of the Synod of Bishops since his appointment on 8 February 2014 by Pope Francis. He was consecrated bishop on 30 May 2014.
"Bohumil ""Bo"" Brhel is a Czech speedway rider and he won the 2001 Individual European Champion title. He won the Czechoslovakian title on six occasions"
"Air vice-marshal is a two-star air officer rank which originated in and continues to be used by the Royal Air Force. The rank is also used by the air forces of many countries which have historical British influence and it is sometimes used as the English translation of an equivalent rank in countries which have a non-English air force-specific rank structure. Air vice-marshals may be addressed generically as ""air marshal"".
Toowoomba Technical College is a heritage-listed former technical college at 124 Margaret Street, East Toowoomba, Toowoomba, Toowoomba Region, Queensland, Australia. It was designed by Thomas Pye and built in 1911. It is also known as Southern Queensland Institute of Technical & Further Education, Hume Street Campus. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
Yangsi is a station on Line 8 of the Shanghai Metro. This station is part of the southern extension of Line 8 and opened on July 5, 2009.
Red Bank is a census-designated place in Lexington County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 8,811 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Columbia, South Carolina Metropolitan Statistical Area
The Ivan Vazov National Theatre is Bulgaria's national theatre, as well as the oldest and most authoritative theatre in the country and one of the important landmarks of Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria. It is located in the centre of the city, with the facade facing the City Garden.
Agrimoniinae is a subtribe of the rose family, Rosaceae. It is the sister to subtribe Sanguisorbinae in tribe Sanguisorbeae. It includes the Afromontane endemics Hagenia and Leucosidea.
John Eglit was a seaman serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish–American War who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.
Priti Surendran, often credited as Priti Menon, is an Indian trained singer in Carnatic Music currently living at LondonUK.Priti Menon started her musical career in the UK by winning the Zee TV Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Online Talent Hunt in 2010.
Gwangjin A is a constituency of the National Assembly of South Korea. The constituency consists of part of Gwangjin District, Seoul. As of 2016, 152,431 eligible voters were registered in the constituency.
Aino Maria Marsio-Aalto was a Finnish architect and a pioneer of Scandinavian design. She is known as a co-founder of the design company Artek and as a collaborator on its most well-known designs. As Artek's first artistic director, her creative output spanned textiles, lamps, glassware, and buildings.
William Hayes Pope was the last Chief Justice of New Mexico Territory and the first United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Mexico after New Mexico attained statehood.
Dunn is a city in Harnett County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 9,263 at the 2010 census, and an estimated 9,718 in 2018. It is the anchor city of the Dunn Micropolitan Area, population 114,678, which consists of Harnett County and is a part of the greater Raleigh–Durham–Cary Combined Statistical Area as defined by the United States Census Bureau.
Camembert is a moist, soft, creamy, surface-ripened cow's milk cheese. It was first made in the late 18th century at Camembert, Normandy, in northern France. It is similar to Brie, which is native to the Brie region of France.
Pollionnay is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France. The composer and organist Eugène Reuchsel died in Pollionnay.
Nelle Harper Lee was an American novelist best known for her 1960 novel To Kill a Mockingbird. It won the 1961 Pulitzer Prize and has become a classic of modern American literature. Lee published only two books, yet she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2007 for her contribution to literature. She also received numerous honorary degrees, though she declined to speak on those occasions. She assisted her close friend Truman Capote in his research for the book In Cold Blood. Capote was the basis for the character Dill in To Kill a Mockingbird.
The Coliseum Theatre is a vacant cultural and performing arts center located at 4260 Broadway between West 181st and 182nd Streets in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. A full-block building, it is bounded on the east by Bennett Avenue.
Bear Grove Township is one of twenty townships in Fayette County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 599 and it contained 259 housing units. The township was originally known as Johnson Township.
Lambesc is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southern France.
The Thomas Benton Hoover House is a historic house located in Fossil, Oregon, United States. The house is constructed in two stories with clapboarded outer walls. It was built in 1882 by Thomas Benton Hoover, an early Euro-American settler and prominent Fossil citizen. Hoover was Fossil's first merchant, mayor, justice of the peace, and postmaster, as well as an early county commissioner and director of schools. He named Fossil for a paleontological find on his property in 1876.
The Kusatsu is a limited express train service in Japan operated by East Japan Railway Company, which runs between Ueno in Tokyo and Manza-Kazawaguchi.
University High School is one of six public high schools serving grades 9-12 in the city of Irvine, California, United States. It was established in 1970 and is situated on 55 acres of land in the southwestern portion of the city, adjacent to the University of California, Irvine.
Pseudofumaria lutea, the yellow corydalis or rock fumewort, is a short-lived perennial plant in the poppy family Papaveraceae. It is native to the southern foothills of the south-western and central Alps of Italy and Switzerland, but widely introduced elsewhere.
Inglange is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Jamsilsaenae Station is a station on Seoul Subway Line 2, located in Jamsil-dong, Songpa-gu, Seoul.
Xinrong is a station on Line 1 of Wuhan Metro, opened along with the completion of Line 1, Phase 2 on July 29, 2010. It is an elevated station situated on Jiefang Avenue and located at the intersection of Jiefang Avenue and Hanhuang Road, with easy access to Xinrongcun Long Distance Bus Terminal and downtown bus transfers. The station has two side platforms serving trains from each direction.
Independence Township is a charter township of Oakland County, in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Esterre is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France. The Ontario, Canada d'Esterre hail from this region.
Bryan Bickell is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played for the Chicago Blackhawks and the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League. He won the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks in 2013 and 2015, and played in four early playoff games during the team's run to the 2010 Stanley Cup championship. Bickell spent nearly 10 years with the Blackhawks organization before being traded to the Hurricanes before the 2016–17 season. He was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis later that year and retired from playing hockey at the end of the season.
The Herschel Museum of Astronomy at 19 New King Street, Bath, England, is a museum that was inaugurated in 1981. It is located in a preserved town house that was formerly the home of William Herschel and his sister Caroline.
Old Cape May County Courthouse Building is located in Cape May Court House, Cape May County, New Jersey, United States. The building was built in 1848 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 22, 1981.
Muzaffarpur Junction railway station, station code MFP, is an A1 category railway station in the Sonpur division of East Central Railway.Muzaffarpur Junction is Selected in Station Re-Devolpment Plan With airport facilities & Will be by Railway Infrastructure Development authority. Muzaffarpur Junction is located in Muzaffarpur city, the headquarters of Muzaffarpur district in the Indian state of Bihar.
"Rafael ""Rafa"" Jesús Navarro Mazuecos is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Deportivo Alavés as a right back."
There are multiple Chinatowns in the borough of Queens in New York City. The original Queens Chinatown emerged in Flushing, initially as a satellite of the original Manhattan Chinatown, before evolving its own identity, surpassing in scale the original Manhattan Chinatown, and subsequently in turn spawning its own satellite Chinatowns in Elmhurst, Corona, and eastern Queens.
Battah or Batta is a village in eastern Libya, almost 34 km northeast of Al Marj.
"Rossiya class is a class of Russian river passenger ships. ""Rossiya"" means ""Russia"" in Russian.
Hale S. Irwin is an American professional golfer. He was one of the world's leading golfers from the mid-1970s to the mid-1980s. He is one of the few players in history to win three U.S. Opens, becoming the oldest ever U.S. Open champion in 1990 at the age of 45. As a senior golfer, Irwin ranks first all-time in PGA Tour Champions victories. He is widely regarded as the greatest player in Champions Tour history.
Wengi is a municipality in the Seeland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Sir Paul Collier, CBE, FBA is a British development economist who serves as the Professor of Economics and Public Policy in the Blavatnik School of Government and the director of the International Growth Centre. He currently is a Professeur invité at Sciences Po and a Professorial Fellow of St Antony's College, Oxford. He has served as a senior advisor to the Blair Commission for Africa and was the Director of the Development Research Group at the World Bank between 1998 and 2003.
The Aston Martin DB2/4 is a grand tourer produced by Aston Martin from 1953 until 1957. It was available as a 2+2 hatchback saloon, drophead coupé and 2-seat fixed-head coupé. A small number of Bertone bodied spiders were commissioned by private buyers.
Paul Emerson Carlyle Ince is an English professional football manager and former player who played as a midfielder from 1982 to 2007.
Sltere National Park is a national park in Dundaga Municipality, Kurzeme Region, on the west coast of Latvia. Although formally established in 2000, it is based on former Sltere Nature Reserve, one of the oldest nature reserves in Baltic States. It is the smallest national park in Latvia.
John Lambert Kerr CNZM OBE was a New Zealand cricketer who played seven Tests for the New Zealand cricket team before the Second World War. He was the second oldest surviving Test cricketer at the date of his death, 10 days younger than fellow countryman Eric Tindill, and the third longest-lived Test cricketer, after Tindill and Francis MacKinnon.
Praslay is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Santa Bárbara is a civil parish in the municipality of Ponta Delgada on the Portuguese island of São Miguel in the Azores. The population in 2011 was 855, in an area of 8.72 km². Santa Barbara is a relatively young administrative entity, established in 1986, being de-annexed from the neighboring parish of Santo António.
Lucas Frost Giolito is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball.
Komal Oli is a Nepali newscaster, radio and television personality, folk singer, entertainer and politician. She entered into Nepali politics recently and is a member of the federal national assembly representing Nepal Communist Party filling reserved quota for women. She has sung on many folk songs. She has never been married and her marital status has garnered much attention, with Komal, herself, having published a hit song Poila Jaana Paam!.
José Sócrates Carvalho Pinto de Sousa, GCIH, commonly known as José Sócrates, is a Portuguese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Portugal from 12 March 2005 to 21 June 2011. In 2007, he acted as the President-in-Office of the Council of the European Union.
London to Brighton in Four Minutes is a short film produced by the BBC Film Unit in the early 1950s showing a train journey from London to Brighton on the south coast of England. The camera was manually undercranked to produce a fast motion film so that the journey lasted only four minutes instead of the actual time of about one hour.
Oakboro is a town in Stanly County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,859 at the 2010 census.
Matthew 5:10 is the tenth verse of the fifth chapter of the Gospel of Matthew in the New Testament. It is the eighth verse of the Sermon on the Mount, and also eighth, and to some the last, of what are known as the Beatitudes.
The Maratha caste was originally formed in the earlier centuries from the amalgamation of families from the peasant, shepherd, blacksmith, Sutar, Bhandari, Thakar and Koli castes in Maharashtra. Many of them took to military service in the 16th century such as the Deccan sultanates or the Mughals. Later in the 17th and 18th centuries, they served in the armies of the Maratha empire, founded by the Maratha king Shivaji. Some were granted fiefs by the rulers for their service.
Untitled is an abstract 1990 sculpture by Joel Shapiro. Bronze edition 4/4 is installed in the Lillie and Hugh Roy Cullen Sculpture Garden, as part of the collection of the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston. Another bronze copy is installed on the Seattle University campus.
Saül is a commune of French Guiana, an overseas region and department of France located in South America.
Concepción is a city & district in northern Paraguay and capital of the Concepción Department. It lies next to the Paraguay River.
Elvis M. Grbac is a former American football quarterback who played in the National Football League and currently serves as the head football coach, Marianist Urban Student Program director, and athletic director at Villa Angela-St. Joseph High School in Cleveland. During his career he was a starting quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers, the Kansas City Chiefs, and the Baltimore Ravens. In college, at the University of Michigan, he was the 1992 NCAA Division I passing efficiency leader, and a three time efficiency leader in the Big Ten Conference, the 1992 Sammy Baugh Trophy winner, and the quarterback for 1991 Heisman Trophy award winner Desmond Howard. Drafted by the 49ers in 1993, and serving in his rookie year as the backup to Steve Young, he went on to play seven more seasons, starting 70 of the 106 games he played for San Francisco, Kansas City and Baltimore.
Edmonton-Manning is a provincial electoral district in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. It is situated in the northeast quadrant of the city. It was created in 1993 and is mandated to return a single member to the Legislative Assembly. The riding is named after former Social Credit Premier Ernest Manning, who held office from 1943 to 1968. The riding was last contested in the 2019 Alberta election.
MF Bol is a passenger ferry owned and operated by Jadrolinija, the Croatian state-owned ferry company.
Marie Hedwig Auguste of Sulzbach was a Countess Palatine of Sulzbach by birth and by marriage, Archduchess of Austria and by her second marriage, Duchess of Saxe-Lauenburg.
Sunshine is a suburb of Melbourne, Australia, 12 km west of the CBD, located within the City of Brimbank local government area. Sunshine recorded a population of 9,768 at the 2016 census.
The Judge J. Frank Graff Bridge is a truss bridge that carries U.S. Route 422 and Pennsylvania Route 28 across the Allegheny River. It connects Manor Township and North Buffalo Township, Pennsylvania. It was constructed in 1974 as part of a freeway bypass of Kittanning, Pennsylvania. The structure is named for Frank Graff, an Armstrong County Court of Common Pleas Judge who later rose to become a member of the Pennsylvania Superior Court.
The Fanniidae are a small group of true flies largely confined to the Holarctic and temperate Neotropical realms; there are 11 Afrotropical species, 29 Oriental, and 14 Australasian.
Pernambut is a town and village headquarters also a Municipality in Vellore district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. As of 2011, the town had a population of 51,271. Pernambut is the second most populated town in Vellore District after separation of Tirupattur and Ranipet Districts. The economy is dependent on leather tanning industry, earning it the nickname Leather Tanning city of Tamil Nadu.Pernambut is a municipality and headquarters of Pernambut taluk which is an administrative division comprising 52 Revenue villages in the district of Vellore.
Mill Farm Inn is a historic country inn located near Tryon, Polk County, North Carolina. The inn was built between 1937 and 1939, and is a two-story, six bay by four bay, Colonial Revival style stone building. It is constructed of local blue granite.
The Chinese grey shrike is a species of bird in the family Laniidae.
The Golden Ears Bridge is a six-lane extradosed bridge in Metro Vancouver, British Columbia. It spans the Fraser River, connecting Langley on the south side with Pitt Meadows and Maple Ridge on the north side. The bridge opened to traffic on June 16, 2009. The bridge replaced a previous ferry service several kilometers upstream and will be run by a private consortium, the Golden Crossing General Partnership, until June 2041.
Dana Rosemary Scallon, known professionally as Dana, is an Irish singer and former politician who served as Member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
Revere is a city in Suffolk County, Massachusetts, United States, located approximately 5 miles from downtown Boston. Founded as North Chelsea in 1846, it was renamed in 1871 after the American Revolutionary War patriot Paul Revere. In 1914, the Town of Revere was incorporated as a city. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city has a population of 51,755 inhabitants.
Santa Fé, Paraná is a municipality in the state of Paraná in the Southern Region of Brazil.
McKinney is a city in and the county seat of Collin County, Texas, United States. It is Collin County's second-largest city, after Plano. An exurb of the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex, McKinney is about 32 miles north of Dallas.
Aporia, the black-veined whites or blackveins, is a genus of pierid butterflies found in the Palearctic region.
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Kokorin is a Russian footballer who plays for Spartak Moscow as a forward.
Thomas Wilmer Dewing was an American painter working at the turn of the 20th century. Schooled in Paris, Dewing was noted for his figure paintings of aristocratic women. He was a founding member of the Ten American Painters and taught at the Art Students League of New York. The Freer Gallery of Art at the Smithsonian Institution has a collection of his works. He was the husband of fellow artist Maria Oakey Dewing.
The Pleasant Hill School at 2722 Farm Rd. 1399 in Linden in Cass County, Texas was a Rosenwald School built in 1925 to serve African-American children. It has elements of Bungalow/craftsman style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
Hell's Glen is a glen on the Cowal Peninsula, in the Arrochar Alps between the mountains Cruach nam Mult and Stob an Eas. To the west, it leads to Loch Fyne and to the east, the high mountain Ben Donich. The glen is within the Argyll Forest Park that is itself within the Loch Lomond and The Trossachs National Park.
Lamont is a city in Buchanan County, Iowa, United States. The population was 461 at the 2010 census.
Vareilles is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
The chestnut-crowned gnateater is a species of bird in the family Conopophagidae.
Double L Excentric Gyratory is a sculpture by American artist George Rickey. There are three editions. One is installed at the intersection of Larking and Fulton streets, outside the Main Library, in San Francisco's Civic Center, in the U.S. state of California. Another is part of the Auckland Art Gallery's International Art Collection. This stainless steel sculpture, dated 1985, measures 7163 x 3543 mm and was gifted by the Edmiston Trust.
The Eternal Three is a 1923 American silent drama film produced and distributed by Goldwyn Pictures. It was directed by both Marshall Neilan and Frank Urson. Hobart Bosworth, Claire Windsor, and Bessie Love star.
Molorchini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae, containing the following genera:
Yuriy Mykolayovych Vakulko is a Ukrainian professional footballer who play for Dnipro-1.
Jezierzyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina migiel, within Kocian County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Ruocco Park is a park in San Diego, in the U.S. state of California.
The Armstrong Whitworth A.W.35 Scimitar was a British single-engine biplane fighter aircraft designed and built by Armstrong Whitworth Aircraft. Four Scimitars were produced for the Norwegian Army Air Service and were delivered in 1936.
Damxung is a county of Lhasa City, lying to the north of its main center of Chengguan, in the Tibet Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China. Its administrative seat is Damquka. The terrain is rugged, including the western Nyenchen Tanglha Mountains, with their highest peak rising to 7,111 metres.
Breuches is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
The Ashkelon railway station is a railway station that is located in Ashkelon, Israel. It is the southern terminus of the Binyamina–Tel Aviv–Ashkelon and the Ra'anana-Rishon LeZion-Ashkelon suburban lines. Previously, Majdal railway station, built by the British forces during World War I, has existed at the site, and since 1920, the station served regular passenger trains between El Kantara, Egypt and Haifa. During 1948 Arab-Israeli War, the connection to Gaza Strip and Egypt was severed, but freight service on the Lod–Ashkelon railway continued.
Pourewa Island lies in Tolaga Bay, just offshore from Cook's Cove in New Zealand.
Pleasants County is a county located in the U.S. state of West Virginia. At the 2010 census, the population was 7,605, making it the third-least populous county in the state. Its county seat is St. Marys. The county was created by the Virginia General Assembly in 1851 and named for US Senator and Virginia Governor James Pleasants, Jr..
Yeni-Kale is a fortress on the shore of Kerch Strait in the city of Kerch.
Andrónico Luksic Craig is a businessman and chairman of Quiñenco, a holding of the Luksic Group, one of Chile's largest conglomerates.
Ivisan, officially the Municipality of Ivisan, is a 4th class municipality in the province of Capiz, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 29,055 people.
The Mega-Sena is the largest lottery in Brazil, organised by the Caixa Econômica Federal bank since March 1996.
Al-Muzaffar Sayf ad-Din Hajji ibn Muhammad ibn Qalawun, better known as al-Muzaffar Hajji, was the Bahri Mamluk sultan of Egypt and the sixth son of an-Nasir Muhammad to hold office, ruling from September 1346 and December 1347. He was known for his love of sports and pigeon racing, acts which led to frustration among the senior Mamluk emirs who believed he neglected the duties of office and spent extravagant sums on gambling. His reign ended when he was killed in a confrontation with Mamluk conspirators outside of Cairo.
Camaragibe River is a river in Alagoas state in eastern Brazil. It flows into the Atlantic Ocean in Passo de Camaragibe municipality.
"Kitach Station is a railway station on the Ktoku Line in Takamatsu, Kagawa Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number ""T26""."
"The Yangon Children's Hospital is a major public hospital in Yangon, Myanmar.The hospital was formerly known as ""Jamatkhana Hospital"" as the hospital was built on the site of former Jamatkhana Club, an elite social club during colonial eras. The YCH was established in 1960 under the Yangon General Hospital with a capacity of 60 beds. In 1962–1963, the hospital moved to Myenigon with the capacity of 80 beds. In 1963, the hospital moved again to current 8.73-acre compound. The current main building was built in 1970 with Canadian aid, and opened in September 1978. Since then, a new three-story annex building with 550 beds has been added."
This transmission site, located in County Donegal, Ireland, is owned and operated by 2RN. The transmitter mast is a self-supporting steel lattice tower 60m tall, with the site itself being 260m ASL, and just 50m from the border with Northern Ireland. The site was opened in 1981 to provide UHF television coverage to parts of County Donegal and Derry City and County. It originally carried the four Irish analogue channels, RTÉ One, RTÉ Two, TV3, and TG4, all horizontally polarised and at an effective radiated power of 20 kW. Digital terrestrial television was first broadcast from the site in 2008 in preparation for the national switchover to digital television on 24 October 2012.
Yuseong District is a gu of Daejeon, South Korea, known for high tech industries, Daejeon Expo '93, Daedeok Science Town and the Yuseong Special Tourism District. Daejeon Islamic Center is also located in Kung-dong, Yuseong-gu. The Science Town is the core of the International Science and Business Belt.
Lonchophylla is a genus of bats in the family Phyllostomidae.
The 1972 Tour de France was the 59th edition of the Tour de France, one of cycling's Grand Tours. It took place from 1 to 22 July, with 20 stages covering a distance of 3,846 km. The long awaited clash between Eddy Merckx and Luis Ocaña after Ocaña crashed on Col de Menté in the 1971 Tour de France. After riding strongly in the first two weeks of the race and being the closest GC contender to Merckx, Luis Ocaña crashed once more, in the Pyrenees, leaving Merckx to battle Cyrille Guimard for the win. Guimard, having won four stages, had to leave the race after stage 17 in second place, but was given the combativity award after the race.
Grant Township is a township in Story County, Iowa, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 1068.
The Tinaco Municipality is one of the nine municipalities that makes up the Venezuelan state of Cojedes and, according to the 2011 census by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela, the municipality has a population of 32,564. The town of Tinaco is the municipal seat of the Tinaco Municipality.
Heinz Stücke is a long-distance itinerate cyclist from Hövelhof, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany — noted for setting the world record for bicycle touring in 1995.
Joke Dierdorp is a retired Dutch rower. She was most successful in the coxless pair, finishing with Karin Abma in second, third and fourth place at the world championships of 1977, 1978 and 1979, respectively; in 1979 they missed a bronze medal by about 0.6 seconds. In the coxed eights, she was fourth at the 1975 World Championships and eighth at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Iowo-Osada is a village in Dziadowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Iowo-Osada. It lies approximately 11 kilometres south-east of Dziadowo and 70 km south of the regional capital Olsztyn.
Anthocharis gruneri is a butterfly found mainly in Turkey, Transcaucasian Mountains, Asia Minor and the Armenian highlands.
Smarties are colour-varied sugar-coated chocolate confectionery. They have been manufactured since 1937, originally by H.I. Rowntree & Company in the UK, and are currently produced by Nestlé.
"Albert ""Tootie"" Heath is an American jazz hard bop drummer, the brother of tenor saxophonist Jimmy Heath and the double-bassist Percy Heath.
Highland Park distillery is the northernmost single malt Scotch whisky distillery in the world, located on the Orkney Islands off the far north coast of Scotland, where the Atlantic Ocean turns into the North Sea.
Viva is the bus rapid transit operations of York Region Transit in York Region, Ontario, Canada. Viva service forms the spine for YRT's local bus service, providing seamless transit service across York Region with connections to northern Toronto.
Shiloh Township is one of fifteen townships in Edgar County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 162 and it contained 89 housing units. Shiloh Township was formed from Young America and Edgar townships.
The World Aquarium was an interactive animal exhibition, conservation research center, and animal sanctuary located in Laclede's Landing, St. Louis, Missouri, United States. It closed in mid-2019. Some highlights of the child-centered exhibition are being able to feed and touch many animals. The museum allows general admission, school tours and behind-the-scenes tours.
Lincoln College Boat Club is a rowing club for members of Lincoln College, Oxford. It is based on the Isis at Boathouse Island, Christ Church Meadow, Oxford, Oxford.
High Pockets is a 1919 American silent Western film directed by Ira M. Lowry and starring Louis Bennison, Katherine MacDonald, William Black, Frank Evans, and Edward Roseman. It is based on an novel of the same name by William Patterson White. The film was released by Goldwyn Pictures on August 15, 1919.
Jaunpils Municipality is a municipality in Zemgale, Latvia. The municipality was formed in 2009 by merging Jaunpils Parish and Viesati Parish the administrative centre being Jaunpils.
Plumb's Chambers is a heritage-listed pair of shops at 82 & 84 Fitzroy Street, Warwick, Southern Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. Despite being believed to be Queensland's oldest shop, No. 82 was demolished on 27 October 2014. However, a restoration of No. 84 commenced in March 2015. They were built from 1860s to c. 1910. It is also known as Medical Hall. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 3 November 1997.
The Anix is a former American rock band and currently a solo electronic project run by Los Angeles-based music producer Brandon Smith who was originally the band's frontman.
Adell is a village in Sheboygan County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 516 at the 2010 census. It is included in the Sheboygan, Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Loch a' Bhraoin, Loch Broom, is a freshwater loch, located in Wester Ross, in Ross-shire, on the west coast of Scotland.
Lafrançaise is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Alaska Native Brotherhood Hall, or Sitka Camp No. 1, is significant for being the original chapter of the Alaska Native Brotherhood, an Alaska-wide Native organization. It is located on the waterfront in Sitka, Alaska, on Katlian Street.
Crawley is a large town and borough in West Sussex, England. It is 28 miles south of London, 18 miles north of Brighton and Hove, and 32 miles north-east of the county town of Chichester. Crawley covers an area of 17.36 square miles and had a population of 106,597 at the time of the 2011 Census.
San Ardo is a census-designated place in Monterey County, California, United States. San Ardo is located 18 miles southeast of King City, at an elevation of 449 feet. The population was 517 at the 2010 census, up from 501 at the 2000 census.
The M5 Motorway is a 30-kilometre-long motorway located in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia that is designated with the M5 route and forms part of the Sydney Orbital Network. The M5 route number comprises two connected parts, separately owned and operated:
"Koizumimachi Station is a railway station on the Tobu Koizumi Line in izumi, Gunma, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Tobu Railway. It is numbered ""TI-45""."
Aguilar de Bureba is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census, the municipality has a population of 75 inhabitants.
Matt Jones is an American politician from Colorado. A Democrat, he served in both the Colorado Senate and the Colorado House of Representatives.
Franquet's epauletted fruit bat is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae, and is one of three different species of epauletted bats. Franquet's epauletted fruit bat has a range of habitats, varying from sub-saharan forest to equatorial tropics.
Elizabeth Hamilton, Countess of Orkney was an English courtier from the Villiers family and the reputed mistress of William III & II, King of England and Scotland, from 1680 until 1695. She was a lady-in-waiting to his wife and co-monarch, Queen Mary II.
Laura De Neve is a Belgian footballer. She plays as a defender for Anderlecht and the Belgium women's national football team.
Ivan Radovanovi is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Italian club Genoa.
Johan Sundstein, better known as N0tail, is a Danish professional Dota 2 player and captain for OG. With them, he has played in four iterations of The International, winning in 2018 and 2019, and has also won four Major championships.
Kashimada Station is a railway station on the Nambu Line in Saiwai Ward of Kawasaki, Kanagawa, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
Pendleton Heights, also known as the William K. Pendleton House and Christman Manor at Pendleton Heights, is a historic home located on the campus of Bethany College, at Bethany, Brooke County, West Virginia. It was built in 1841, as a small, box like dwelling. It was altered in 1872 by college president William K. Pendleton to take on a Gothic Revival-style of architecture like other buildings on campus. It is a two-story brick residence with characteristic steep gable roofs and arched windows.
Apinya Sakuljaroensuk is a Thai actress born on 27 May 1990. Apinya, also known as Saipan is one of the top Thai teen stars – she is an actress, product endorser, TV host and CM presenter.
Marko Bedenikovic is a Canadian soccer player who last played professionally for Florida Tropics SC in the Major Arena Soccer League.
Pila speciosa is a species of freshwater snail in the family Ampullariidae, the apple snails.
The Muni Metro is a light rail system serving San Francisco, California, United States, operated by the San Francisco Municipal Railway, a division of the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency. With an average weekday ridership of 157,700 passengers as of the fourth quarter of 2019, Muni Metro is the United States' second busiest light rail system. Muni Metro operates a fleet of 151 Breda light rail vehicles, which are being supplemented and replaced by Siemens S200 SF LRVs.
Sir Daniel Cooper, 1st Baronet GCMG was a nineteenth-century politician, merchant and philanthropist in the Colony of New South Wales. He served as the first speaker of the Legislative Assembly of the colony and was a noted philatelist.
Senath is a city in Dunklin County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,767 at the 2010 census.
Elegia is a genus of grass-like plants in the family Restionaceae described as a genus by Linnaeus in 1771. The entire genus is endemic to Cape Province in South Africa. Some are grown as ornamentals in gardens.
"St. Mary Parish School, founded by the School Sisters of St. Francis, held its first classes on September 8, 1954. Currently, 472 students are enrolled in grades 3K - 8th. The school's mission statement is: Celebrating spiritual growth while providing academic excellence in a Christ-centered environment""."
The Seven Ballerinas are an Australian indie rock band from Queensland's Gold Coast, active from 1981 to 1984. They are a significant contributor to the alternative rock music scene on the Gold Coast, Brisbane and Sydney, being one of the first bands from the Gold Coast to perform original material to audiences Australia wide. Their early work received recognition by independent radio stations in Brisbane and Sydney, notably 4ZZZ and 2JJ. As their influence grew, commercial FM radio also played the Ballerinas, as evidenced by their inclusion on 4MMM's Volume 1 compilation Homegrown LP of local South East Queensland bands in 1982. The original members of the Seven Ballerinas included John Smethurst, Michael Palmer, Mario Spina, Nigel Baker and Billy Pommer Jr. Nigel Baker left the band in 1981. John Hippocrates replaced Billy Pommer Jr on drums in 1981.
District D is a historic worker housing district located in Manchester, New Hampshire, near the former Amoskeag Manufacturing Company millyard. It is roughly bounded by Canal, Langdon, Elm, and West Brook streets, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 12, 1982. It contains three residential buildings constructed in 1864 in an area of about 3 acres.
"The .17 Hornet is a .17 caliber centerfire rifle cartridge originally offered as a ""wildcat cartridge"" developed by P.O. Ackley in the early 1950s. He created this non-factory offering by simply necking-down the .22 Hornet to .17 caliber and fire-forming the resized cases in his new chamber design. The result was a small quiet cartridge capable of high velocity. Ackley mentions it as one of the most balanced of the .17 cartridges of his time; likely, this is still true.
Parobamba District is one of 4 districts in the Pomabamba Province of the Ancash Region in Peru.
Bulkowo is a village in Pock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Bulkowo. It lies approximately 29 kilometres east of Pock and 72 km north-west of Warsaw.
Dilip Kumar is an Indian movie actor. He is well known in the Indian cinema industry. He worked in many movies along with fellow Indian actor Pran. His career has lasted for almost 60 years. He is known for his role as King Dilip Dilip in the Indian classic Tragedy King.
Dicky Beach is both a beach and coastal suburb of the Sunshine Coast Region, Queensland, Australia, located within the Caloundra urban centre.
Ralph Daniel Van Dyk was an American politician in the state of Washington. He served the 42nd district from 1971 to 1975.
Chino is a city in the western end of San Bernardino County, California, United States with Los Angeles County to its west and Orange County to its south in the Southern California region. Chino is adjacent to Chino Hills, California. Chino's surroundings have long been a center of agriculture and dairy farming, providing milk products in Southern California and much of the southwestern United States. Chino's agricultural history dates back to the Spanish land grant forming Rancho Santa Ana del Chino. The area specialized in orchard, row crops and dairy.
Terrance Mitchell II is an American football cornerback for the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the seventh round of the 2014 NFL Draft. He played college football at Oregon.
Charles Paget was a Roman Catholic conspirator, involved in the Babington plot to assassinate Queen Elizabeth I of England.
The Battle for Cebu City was a major engagement of World War II that occurred between March 26 and April 8, 1945, during the second Philippines Campaign. The battle resulted in an Allied victory over the occupying Japanese Army and the liberation of Cebu City.
Oude IJsselstreek is a municipality in the eastern Netherlands. It was established on 1 January 2005 through a merger of the former municipalities Gendringen and Wisch.
"Germaine Hesus ""Kemy"" Agustien is a Curaçaoan professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Mickleover Sports.
Carisbrook is a town in Victoria, Australia, located on the Pyrenees Highway, 7 kilometres east of the regional and local government centre of Maryborough, in the Shire of Central Goldfields. At the 2006 census, Carisbrook had a population of 713.
Mier was a local municipality within the ZF Mgcawu District Municipality in the Northern Cape province of South Africa. Its area includes the South African portion of one of the world's largest conservation areas, the Kgalagadi Transfrontier Park. The main settlement in the municipality is the town of Rietfontein.
Gubbio is a town and comune in the far northeastern part of the Italian province of Perugia. It is located on the lowest slope of Mt. Ingino, a small mountain of the Apennines.
"The Department of Medicine of the University of Pamplona is part of the Faculty of Health and it is responsible for the academic program of Medicina. This program got the ""qualified registration"" by the Ministry of Education by 7 years, through the Decree N°5882. This department has 329 students.
Amphinemura is a genus of spring stoneflies in the family Nemouridae. There are about 18 described species in Amphinemura.
Villers-sur-Port is a commune in the Haute-Saône département in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
William Dickson Boyce was an American newspaper man, entrepreneur, magazine publisher, and explorer. He was the founder of the Boy Scouts of America and the short-lived Lone Scouts of America. Born in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, he acquired a love for the outdoors early in his life. After working as a schoolteacher and a coal miner, Boyce attended Wooster Academy in Ohio before moving to the Midwest and Canada. An astute businessman, Boyce successfully established several newspapers, such as The Commercial in Winnipeg, Manitoba and the Lisbon Clipper in Lisbon, North Dakota. With his first wife, Mary Jane Beacom, he moved to Chicago to pursue his entrepreneurial ambitions. There he established the Mutual Newspaper Publishing Company and the weekly Saturday Blade, which catered to a rural audience and was distributed by thousands of newspaper boys. With his novel employment of newsboys to boost newspaper sales, Boyce's namesake publishing company maintained a circulation of 500,000 copies per week by 1894. Boyce strongly supported worker rights, as demonstrated by his businesses' support of labor unions and his concern for his newsboys' well-being.
The Empress Theatre, is an abandoned Egyptian Revival style theatre located on Sherbrooke Street West in the N.D.G. district of Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It has been closed since 1992. As of 2020, the theater is slated to be demolished.
Hyderabad Deccan railway station, popularly known as Nampally Station, is located at Nampally, a locality in Hyderabad constructed and earlier run by the Nizam's Guaranteed State Railway of the Hyderabad State.
Ruth Wolf-Rehfeldt is a German artist associated with visual poetry and mail art.
Catherine Duchemin was a French flower and fruit painter.
Tyler August is an American politician and legislator. He is the Speaker pro tempore of the Wisconsin State Assembly, since 2013. A Republican, he was first elected to the Assembly in 2010, representing eastern Walworth County.
Moray Golf Club is situated in Lossiemouth, Moray, Scotland. The club has two eighteen-hole courses appropriately called the Old Course and the New Course. The club has played host to many championships, both amateur and professional. The old and new courses were designed by Old Tom Morris and Henry Cotton respectively.
Caroline-Barbe Colchen Carré de Malberg was a French Roman Catholic from Metz who founded both the Salesian Missionaries of Mary Immaculate and the Association of Saint Francis de Sales. She married in 1849 to her first cousin and co-founded the association with the Servant of God Henri Chaumont and the missionaries with the Servant of God Félice Gros.
Thriprayar Shree Ramaswami Temple is Hindu temple situated in Triprayar in Thrissur district of Kerala state in India. The deity is Lord Rama, the seventh incarnation of Lord Vishnu, with four arms bearing a conch, a disc, a bow and a garland. The temple is situated on the bank of river Theevra. The temple deity is the presiding deity of Arattupuzha Pooram. It is believed that the idol here was worshipped by Lord Krishna, another avatar of Lord Vishnu in Dwarka. Along with Lord Rama, there are shrines for Lord Shiva as Dakshinamoorthy, Lord Ganesha, Lord Sastha and Lord Krishna. It is the first among the four temples housing the four sons of King Dasharatha, popularly known as Nalambalams, the others being Koodalmanikyam Temple in Irinjalakuda housing Bharata, Thirumuzhikoolam temple housing Lakshmana and Payammal housing Shatrughna in that order. It is believed that worshipping these temples on a single day in the Malayalam month of Karkadakam is very auspicious, and thus many devotees visit these temples.
"Étienne Nicolas Méhul was a French composer, ""the most important opera composer in France during the Revolution"". He was also the first composer to be called a ""Romantic""."
"Trialestes is an extinct genus of Late Triassic crocodylomorphs that lived in South America. It has been classified as a dinosaur in the past due it being adapted as a terrestrial, running carnivore. It is classified in Sphenosuchia, which were early relatives of crocodylians. Irmis, Nesbitt and Sues noted that some of the material referred to this taxon is actually dinosaurian; however, according to the authors, the holotype specimen PVL 2561, found in the Cancha de Bochas Member of the Ischigualasto Formation in the Ischigualasto-Villa Unión Basin in northwestern Argentina, ""comprises a single individual that preserves unambiguous crocodylomorph synapomorphies"", indicating it is indeed a crocodylomorph, and one of the referred specimens, PVL 3889, does share one or more autapomorphies with the holotype, indicating it represents the same taxon. The type species, T. romeri, was named in 1963."
Tulun is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia, located on the river Iya, 390 kilometers northwest of Irkutsk. Population: 44,611; 51,848; 52,903.
Margaret of Anhalt was a member of the House of Ascania and was a princess of Anhalt by birth and by marriage Duchess of Saxony.
Dmytro Shurov is a Ukrainian pianist and singer-songwriter best known as the lead vocalist of the band Pianoboy and as a judge on the Ukrainian X-Factor since the eighth season. He was a pianist in the bands Okean Elzy, Esthetic Education and Zemfira.
Plessur District is a former administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It had an area of 266.73 km² and has a population of 40,707 in 2015. The former district is named after the river Plessur which crosses it. However, the region along the Plessur –and therefore the whole valley–is called Schanfigg. It was replaced with the Plessur Region on 1 January 2017 as part of a reorganization of the Canton.
Ettie Annie Rout was a Tasmanian-born New Zealander whose work among servicemen in Paris and the Somme during World War I made her a war hero among the French, yet through the same events she became persona non grata in New Zealand. She married Frederick Hornibrook on 3 May 1920, after which she was Ettie Hornibrook. They had no children and later separated. She died in 1936, and was buried in the Cook Islands.
LaMoure is a city in LaMoure County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 889 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of LaMoure County.
Mihaela Pene is a retired javelin thrower from Romania. She competed at the 1964 and 1968 Olympics and won a gold and a silver medal, respectively.
Count Jean Bonnin de la Bonninière de Beaumont, known as Jean de Beaumont, was a French businessman, politician, journalist and sport shooter who competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
CI&T is an information technology and software engineering company. CI&T operates as a global systems integrator headquartered in the Brazilian city of Campinas with offices in other regions of South America, United States, Europe, and Asia. CI&T specializes in business-agile enterprise methods for systems integration and software development. In 2010, CI&T developed Digital Studio, a special unit branded to address mobility and mobile tools and services across all major platforms.
Susan Constant, possibly Sarah Constant, captained by Christopher Newport, was the largest of three ships of the English Virginia Company on the 1606–1607 voyage that resulted in the founding of Jamestown in the new Colony of Virginia.
J. Marcel Duval, CMM, CD is a retired Canadian Forces Air Command general. His senior appointments were as the Commander of the 1 Canadian Air Division / Canadian NORAD Region and the Deputy Commander of NORAD.
Cirey-sur-Vezouze is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.
Gonzalo Martinez Caicedo is a Colombian football defender. At club level, he played for Patriotas.
"Patricia ""Patti"" Stanger is an American businesswoman and reality television personality. She is known for starring in and producing her own matchmaking reality series, The Millionaire Matchmaker, on Bravo TV. She is also founder and CEO of Millionaire's Club International, Inc., a professional matchmaking service for millionaires."
Elliant is a commune. It is found in the region Brittany in the Finistère department in the northwest of France.
Janine Chamot is a Swiss footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for YB Frauen in the Swiss National League A. She was also a member of the Switzerland women's national football team.
Ronald William Howard is an American film director, producer, writer and actor. Howard first came to prominence as a child actor, guest-starring in several television series, including an episode of The Twilight Zone. He gained national attention for playing young Opie Taylor, the son of Sheriff Andy Taylor in the sitcom The Andy Griffith Show from 1960 through 1968. During this time, he also appeared in the musical film The Music Man, a critical and commercial success. He was credited as Ronny Howard in his film and television appearances from 1959 to 1973.
Tifinagh is an abjad script used to write the Tamazight languages.
Basking Ridge is an unincorporated community located within Bernards Township in the Somerset Hills region of Somerset County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 Census, the population for the ZIP Code Tabulation Area 07920 was 26,747.
Fulton's Foods is a frozen food retailer chain, which is based in Darton, South Yorkshire, and operates throughout The Midlands and the North of England. Trading online as Star Bargains.
"American singer Robin Thicke has released seven studio albums, twenty nine singles and twenty three music videos. Thicke signed his first recording contract with Interscope Records as a teenager and found success as a songwriter, before he began concentrating on his career as a performer. In 2000, Thicke started recording his debut album, A Beautiful World, which was released in April 2003. The album debuted at number 152 on the US Billboard 200, selling 119,000 copies. The record also peaked at number 36 on the Mega Album Top 100 in the Netherlands. Two singles were released from the album; the first, ""When I Get You Alone"" became a top ten hit in the Netherlands and New Zealand. That single also peaked at number 17 in Australia and was certified gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association. In 2006, Thicke released his second studio album The Evolution of Robin Thicke. The record debuted at number 5 on the US Billboard 200, topped it on the Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and became a certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. The album also charted in France, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom."
Blanquefort-sur-Briolance is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in southwestern France.
Kirill Olegovich Kaprizov is a Russian professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the Minnesota Wild of the National Hockey League.
Saint-Gabriel-Lalemant is a municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec, located in the Kamouraska Regional County Municipality. The municipality is named for St. Gabriel Lalemant, one of the Canadian Martyrs.
William Harding Mayes was Lieutenant Governor of the U.S. state of Texas, a newspaperman who published the Brownwood Bulletin and founder of the University of Texas journalism school.
Psammopolia insolens is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It occurs on Pacific Coast sand beaches in central California from Carmel to Bodega Bay, Sonoma County. Most specimens are from near San Francisco.
On May 20, 1958 a Vickers Viscount airliner operating Capital Airlines Flight 300 was involved in a mid air collision with a USAF T-33 jet trainer on a proficiency flight in the skies above Brunswick, Maryland. All 11 people on board the Viscount and one of the two crew in the T-33 were killed in the accident. Flight 300 was the second of four fatal crashes in the space of two years involving Capital Airlines Vickers Viscounts; the other were Capital Airlines Flight 67 Capital Airlines Flight 75 and Capital Airlines Flight 20.
Christophe Van Rossom is a speaker, author of numerous articles and studies, Belgian poet and essayist. He teaches at the Royal Conservatory of Brussels, School of Graphic Research and in the Université libre de Bruxelles.
Sergeant Preston of the Yukon is an American action adventure western television series, broadcast between 1955 and 1958. It was based on the radio drama Challenge of the Yukon.
Comfort is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Kendall County, Texas, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 2,363.
The Donna Reed Show is an American sitcom television series. It aired on ABC from 1958 to 1966. The show stars Donna Reed as Donna Stone, a housewife, Carl Betz as Alex Stone, a pediatrician, Shelley Fabares as their teenage daughter Mary, and Paul Petersen as their son Jeff. Mary left for college in the show's fifth year and Paul Petersen's real life little sister Patty Petersen joined the show as Trisha, a child the Stones adopt. Bob Crane and Ann McCrea joined the show in its last years as Stone family friends Dave and Midge Kelsey.
Zara Frances Cully was an American actress. Cully was best known for her role as Olivia 'Mother Jefferson' Jefferson on the CBS sitcom The Jeffersons, which she portrayed from the series beginning in 1975 until her death in 1978.
The 43d Electronic Combat Squadron is a United States Air Force unit. Its current assignment is with the 55th Electronic Combat Group, being stationed as a tenant unit at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona as a geographically separated unit from its parent, the 55th Wing at Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska. It operates the Lockheed EC-130H Compass Call communications-jamming aircraft.
Inman is a village in Holt County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 129 at the 2010 census.
Bogdan Petrovich Yakimov is a Russian professional ice hockey centre. He is currently playing with SKA Saint Petersburg in the Kontinental Hockey League. His National Hockey League rights are held by the Edmonton Oilers. Yakimov was selected 32nd overall by HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk in the 2011 KHL Junior Draft, and was also selected by the Edmonton Oilers in the 3rd round of the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Lidzbark is a town with 8,670 inhabitants in the Warmia-Masurian Voivodeship in Poland. It is located on the Wel river and Lake Lidzbark. The postal code for the entire area is 13-230. The town is popularly referred to as Lidzbark Welski, to distinguish it from Lidzbark Warmiski.
Pehr Magnus Arvid Säve was a Swedish teacher, cultural historian and artist. He was the initiator of the Gotlands Fornvänner society and Gotland Museum.
The 3rd constituency of Maine-et-Loire is a French legislative constituency in the Maine-et-Loire département. Like the other 576 French constituencies, it elects one MP using a two round electoral system.
Sanghao Cave is a Paleolithic site, located near the village of Sanghao, northeast of Mardan, Pakistan that was excavated by Ahmad Hasan Dani. Excavations from the site yielded evidence of human activity from the Middle Paleolithic period, over 30,000 years ago.
Le Bouchon-sur-Saulx is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Nompumelelo Ntuli Zuma is the former First Lady of South Africa, and is the second current wife in a polygamous marriage with Jacob Zuma, the former President of South Africa.
Minaucourt-le-Mesnil-lès-Hurlus is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Onthophagus gazella is a species of scarab beetle. It belongs to the subgenus Digitonthophagus, which may also be treated as a genus. There has been some confusion regarding the application of the name.
Wavves is an American rock band based in San Diego, California. Formed in 2008 by singer-songwriter Nathan Williams, the band also features Alex Gates, Stephen Pope and formerly Brian Hill.
Meßdorf is a village and a former municipality in the district of Stendal, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the town Bismark.
"Hiranyakashipu was an Asura and king of the daityas from the Puranic scriptures of Hinduism. His name literally translates to ""clothed in gold"", and is often interpreted as depicting one who is fond of wealth. In the Puranas, however, it is also stated the name was derived from a golden throne called 'Hiranyakashipu' the asura sat in or nearby during the Atiratra sacrifice.
The arrondissement of Montdidier is an arrondissement of France in the Somme department in the Hauts-de-France region. It has 109 communes. Its population is 47,700, and its area is 781.9 km².
The Battle of Borgo was a battle between Corsican and French forces over control of the town of Borgo on 8 October 1768.
Hetch Hetchy is the name of a valley, a reservoir and a water system in California in the United States. The glacial Hetch Hetchy Valley lies in the northwestern part of Yosemite National Park and is drained by the Tuolumne River. For thousands of years before the arrival of settlers from the United States in the 1850s, the valley was inhabited by Native Americans who practiced subsistence hunting-gathering. During the late 19th century, the valley was renowned for its natural beauty – often compared to that of Yosemite Valley – but also targeted for the development of water supply for irrigation and municipal interests.
The Last Word is a Malaysian television lifestyle show created by Kassandra Kassim and hosted by Stephanie Chai that airs on Bernama TV. Each episode explores hip restaurants, exciting venues, and behind the scenes footage at the most exclusive media, fashion, and entertainment events present in Kuala Lumpur.
Chilhowee is a city in Johnson County, Missouri, United States. It is situated along Missouri Route 2. The population was 325 at the 2010 census.
Vitaliy Vasylyovych Mandzyuk is a retired Ukrainian football defender who last played for Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk in the Ukrainian Premier League. Previously he played for Dynamo Kyiv and was on loan to Arsenal Kyiv. He is a former player for the Ukraine national under-21 football team having made 12 appearances and the senior team. He is younger brother of the player of Oleksandr Mandzyuk. Currently he works as fitness coach for Ukrainian Premier League club Kolos Kovalivka.
Royal Air Force Elsham Wolds or more simply RAF Elsham Wolds is a former Royal Air Force station in England, which operated in the First World War and the Second World War. It is located just to the north east of the village of Elsham in north Lincolnshire.
Negishi Racecourse was a horse-racing facility located on the outskirts of Yamate in the treaty port of Yokohama, recognized as the first purpose built European style racecourse in Japan. The course was operational between 1866 and 1942.
Knox Atoll is an uninhabited coral atoll of 18 islands in the Pacific Ocean, and is the southernmost atoll of the Ratak Chain of the Marshall Islands. The total land area is only 0.98 square kilometres, but it encloses a largely sand-filled lagoon with an area of 3.42 square kilometres. The atoll measures 11 kilometres in length and is 2 kilometres wide. The largest islets, located on the western and northern sides, include Aelingeo, Nadikdik and Nariktal. The atoll is separated by the Klee Passage from the southern point of Mili Atoll to which it was once connected.
Thelypteris palustris, the marsh fern, or eastern marsh fern, is a fern native to eastern North America and across Eurasia. It prefers to grow in marshy situations in full sun.
Herman Shumlin was a prolific Broadway theatrical director and theatrical producer beginning in 1927 with the play Celebrity and continuing through 1974 with a short run of As You Like It, notably with an all-male cast. He was also the director of two movies, including Watch on the Rhine, which he first directed and produced on Broadway in 1941.
Vero station, also known as Vero Beach station, is a historic Florida East Coast Railway train station in Vero Beach, Florida. It is located at 2336 Fourteenth Avenue. On January 6, 1987, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places as the Vero Railroad Station. Until a series of train terminations in the 1950s and early 1960s trains such as the City of Miami, East Coast Champion and the Havana Special made stops at Vero Beach.
Kelechi Promise Iheanacho is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Premier League club Leicester City and the Nigeria national team. He has made appearances for Manchester City, as well as the Nigeria squad that won the 2013 FIFA U-17 World Cup and the Nigeria U-20 team at the 2015 FIFA U-20 World Cup. Iheanacho was called up to the Manchester City senior squad for the 2015–16 season.
Beussent is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.
The Town of Hempstead is one of the three towns in Nassau County, New York, United States, occupying the southwestern part of the county, in the western half of Long Island. Twenty-two incorporated villages are completely or partially within the town. The town's combined population was 759,757 at the 2010 census, which is the majority of the population of the county and by far the largest of any town in New York.
Fort Fisher Air Force Station was a United States Air Force installation located on the Atlantic coast 0.8 miles southwest of Kure Beach, North Carolina. Its primary mission was as a radar complex. It was closed on 30 June 1988 by the Air Force, and turned over to the Federal Aviation Administration.
Frank Nicholas Meyer was a United States Department of Agriculture explorer who traveled to Asia to collect new plant species. The Meyer lemon was named in his honor.
The Ravenglass and Eskdale Railway is a 15 in minimum gauge heritage railway in Cumbria, England. The 7-mile line runs from Ravenglass to Dalegarth Station near Boot in the valley of Eskdale, in the Lake District. At Ravenglass the line ends at Ravenglass railway station on the Cumbrian Coast Line.
Trinity Moravian church houses a congregation of the Jamaican province of the Moravian Church. It was established in 1954 as part of the bicentenary celebrations of the Moravian Church in Jamaica.
Seabury is a residential area in Yellow Walls, Malahide, a suburb of Dublin in Fingal, Leinster, Ireland.
The Arulmigu Sri Rajakaliamman Glass Temple is a Hindu temple in Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia. It is also one of the state's tourist attraction. The temple was listed in the Malaysian Book of Records as the first and only glass temple in the nation on 12 May 2010.
Chanthaburi is one of seventy-six provinces lies in eastern Thailand, on the border with Battambang and Pailin of Cambodia, on the shore of the Gulf of Thailand. Neighbouring provinces are Trat in the east and Rayong, Chonburi, Chachoengsao, and Sa Kaeo to the west and north.
Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Lo Kon Ting Memorial College is a Hong Kong secondary school. Completely funded by the Government of Hong Kong, the grammar school is one of the two secondary schools located in Long Ping Estate. Most of the school's subjects are taught in English, with few exceptions like Liberal Studies and Visual Arts. Established and governed by the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals, the oldest and largest charitable organisation in Hong Kong, the school had 24 classes, as of 2019.
Fiorella Migliore Llanes is a Paraguayan model, beauty queen, actress and television presenter. She is of Italian origins, because her father was born in Comiso.
Santalum album, or Indian sandalwood, is a small tropical tree, and is the most commonly known source of sandalwood. It is native to southern India and Southeast Asia. Certain cultures place great significance on its fragrant and medicinal qualities. It is also considered sacred in some religions and is used in different religious traditions. The high value of the species has caused its past exploitation, to the point where the wild population is vulnerable to extinction. Indian sandalwood still commands high prices for its essential oil, but due to lack of sizable trees it is no longer used for fine woodworking as before. The plant is widely cultivated and long lived, although harvest is only viable after many years. Etymologically it is derived from Sanskrit  chandanam.
Mosquera is a town and municipality in the Nariño Department, Colombia.
Dissacus is a genus of extinct carnivorous jackal to coyote-sized mammals within the family Mesonychidae whose fossils are found in Paleocene to Early Eocene aged strata in France, Asia and southwest North America, 66–50.3 mya, existing for approximately 15.7 million years.
"Yostin Lissette ""Justine"" Pasek Patiño is a Polish-Panamanian model, philanthropist, and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe 2002. Originally the first runner-up at the Miss Universe 2002 competition, Pasek became the first ever runner-up to be crowned the winner after the dethronement of original winner Oxana Fedorova."
Lathbury Barracks was a military barracks in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar now used by civilians. It is located in the southern part of the Rock, south of Spur Battery on Windmill Hill. The last United Kingdom regiment was the 3rd Battalion Royal Green Jackets who handed it over to the local Royal Gibraltar Regiment and it is now owned by the Government of Gibraltar.
Kailash Chandra Joshi was an Indian politician who was the 9th Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh in 1970s. Later he was a member of Rajya Sabha from Madhya Pradesh, and a member of Lok Sabha from Bhopal belonging to Bharatiya Janata Party. He started his political career with Bharatiya Jana Sangh, which later morphed into BJP.
The M/F Primrose was a freight and passenger ferry and operated by Transeuropa Ferries. In 2010 she was sold to Blu Navy; in 2011 she was renamed to M/F Elegant I to make her last journey to India for breaking up.
Lytham Pier, a pleasure and working pier, was opened in the seaside town of Lytham, Lancashire, England in 1865, in the face of reservations from local residents. The pier underwent several renovations during the 1890s and early 1900s before being badly damaged by a storm in 1903, during which two barges collided with the structure and split it in two. A fire in 1928 resulted in extensive damage to the pavilion, which was not rebuilt, although the pier itself was reopened several months later. Following a period of decline it was closed to the public shortly before the outbreak of the Second World War. The pier was demolished in 1960 despite the protests of thousands of local residents.
This is a list of governors and colonial administrators of the Dutch East Indies.
The Three Pagodas of the Chongsheng Temple are an ensemble of three independent pagodas arranged on the corners of an equilateral triangle, near the old town of Dali, Yunnan province, China, dating from the time of the Kingdom of Nanzhao and Kingdom of Dali in the 9th and 10th centuries.
Rey Castle was an ancient castle or defensive wall, located in Cheshmeh-Ali, south of Tehran and north of Rey. The castle is located above the Fath Ali shah inscription and dates back to 4000 BC in the Medes empire. It is assumed that the Castle was ruined by an earthquake and that Seleucus I Nicator rebuilt it.
Romani is an Indo-Aryan macrolanguage of the Romani communities. According to Ethnologue, seven varieties of Romani are divergent enough to be considered languages of their own. The largest of these are Vlax Romani, Balkan Romani, and Sinte Romani. Some Romani communities speak mixed languages based on the surrounding language with retained Romani-derived vocabulary – these are known by linguists as Para-Romani varieties, rather than dialects of the Romani language itself.
Shap Pat Heung Central is one of the 39 constituencies in the Yuen Long District of Hong Kong.
Haimanti Rakshit Das better known as Haimanti is a Bangladeshi playback singer. She mostly sings for films, and TV series.
Korkinsky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the twenty-seven in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia. It is located in the center of the oblast. The area of the district is 102.76 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the town of Korkino. Population: 24,314.
"The Fort of Saint Vincent Ferrer or commonly known as Punta Cruz Watchtower is a Spanish colonial era watchtower located at the western tip of the municipality of Maribojoc, Bohol, Philippines. Also known as Maribojoc Watchtower because of its geographical location, it is located three kilometers away from Maribojoc Church. It is known for being the ""only perfect isosceles triangle"" tower-fort structure in the Philippines.
Kara Anne Swisher is an American technology business journalist and co-founder of Recode. She became a contributing writer to The New York Times Opinion Section in 2018. Previously she wrote for The Wall Street Journal, serving as co-executive editor of All Things Digital.
Berlin Potsdamer Platz is a railway station in Berlin. It is completely underground and situated under Potsdamer Platz in central Berlin. Regional and S-Bahn services call at the station.
The Kislaya Guba Tidal Power Station is an experimental project in Kislaya Guba, Russia.
Garry René Bertrand Bocaly is a French former professional footballer who played as a right back.
The Nizam- Cedid Army refers to the new military establishment of the Nizam- Cedid reform program. The Nizam-i Cedid army was largely a failure in its own time, but proved to be a much more effective infantry force than the Janissaries.
Héricy is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Guayatá is a town and municipality in the Eastern Boyacá Province, part of the Colombian department of Boyacá. Guayatá is situated on the Altiplano Cundiboyacense at distances of 129 kilometres from the department capital Tunja and 132 kilometres from the national capital Bogotá. The urban centre is located at an altitude of 1,767 metres and the altitude ranges from 1,270 metres to 3,080 metres.
"Balaghat Junction is situated on the Jabalpur-Nainpur-Gondia section of South East Central Railway, in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. Rail routes through the junction include routes towards Jabalpur, Gondia, Katangi on the Satpura Railway. The ""10001 Satpura Express"", a narrow-gauge train, was started in 1901 by the British Government and completed 100 years of service in 2001. This train used to hold the unique distinction of operating first class service on narrow-gauge track; it is the world's fastest narrow-gauge train.
Albany is a village in Whiteside County, Illinois, United States. The population was 891 at the 2010 census, down from 895 in 2000.
Gornal is a suburban area and electoral ward of the Dudley Metropolitan Borough, in the West Midlands county in England. It encompasses three historic villages: Upper Gornal, Lower Gornal, and Gornal Wood. Gornal was formerly part of Staffordshire, prior to the creation of the West Midlands in 1974.
Schirmer's test determines whether the eye produces enough tears to keep it moist. This test is used when a person experiences very dry eyes or excessive watering of the eyes. It poses no risk to the subject. A negative test result is normal. Both eyes normally secrete the same amount of tears.
The Last Supper Church It is a Catholic church in Rostov-on-Don in Russia, which depends on the Diocese of Saratov.
Domingo Ortega was a Spanish matador. Born Domingo López Ortega in Borox, Toledo, he was the son of a farmer, and grew up helping with farm work. During months when there was no work on the farm, he would travel to other towns selling garlic.
The Union Street Historic District in Poughkeepsie, New York, United States, is an area of eight blocks southwest of downtown and just north of the Mid-Hudson Bridge approaches. It is the oldest neighborhood in the city.
Julian Larcombe Schley was a Chief of Engineers of the U.S. Army, who also served as Governor of the Panama Canal Zone.
Daoud Musa Daoud is a professional basketball player. He plays for Qatar SC of the Qatar basketball league. He is also a member of the Qatar national basketball team.
Karl Arnold variously Carl Johann Moritz Arnold or Johann Karl Moritz Arnold was a German chemist and mountaineer. He served as Director and briefly as Vice-Chancellor of the Institute of Chemistry at the University of Veterinary Medicine Hanover. His published works on organic chemistry were of importance to veterinarians, medical students and pharmacists. He was also an accomplished alpinist and chairman of the Hanover section of the German-Austrian Alpine Association.
Greenwood Township is a township in Franklin County, Kansas, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 429. Greenwood Township contains the cemeteries of Central, Davidson, Greenwood, Hard Fish, and Keokuk.
Fut Gar Kuen or Buddhist Family Fist is a relatively modern Southern Shaolin style of Kung Fu devised primarily from the combination of Hung Ga Kuen  and Choy Gar  Kuen. The style utilizes mostly punches, palm strikes and low kicks, further characterized by evasive footwork, circular blocks and using the opponent's force against him/her.
The Chongqing Shapingba Railway Station is a railway station of Chengyu Passenger Railway that is located in Shapingba District of Chongqing, People's Republic of China. It was originally opened in 1979 serving ground level tracks. It has been operated as part of China Railway's Chengdu Bureau. In 1988, it was renamed as Chongqing North Railway Station, but reverted to the Shapingba name when another new station in Yubei District was opened as Chongqing North railway station. Serving only conventional services, the station was closed in 2011 for a major renovation and as part of an expansion of the Three Gorges Plaza commercial development. It was redeveloped as a fully Integrated Transport Hub, serving high speed and conventional rail, metro rail services, local city buses, taxi services and personal cars, all within a major commercial and retail complex. The railway station section of this project was reopened on the 25th of January, 2018 and the final retail and commercial development is scheduled to be complete by 2020. It should not be confused with the larger Chongqing West railway station, which is also located in Shapingba District, and opened on the same day.
Cuzplac is a commune located in Slaj County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Cubleu, Cuzplac, Gleni, Miera, Petrindu, Ruginoasa, Stoboru and Tmaa.
Haverholme Priory was a monastery in Lincolnshire, England. Its remains are situated 4 miles north-east from the town of Sleaford and less than 1 mile south-west from the village of Anwick.
Petiani is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Boroteni, Brdiceni, Frânceti, Gureni, Hobia, Petiani and Seuca.
Lawrence Makoare is a New Zealand Mori actor. He is most known for his roles in The Lord of the Rings film series as several prominent antagonists, including Lurtz the Uruk-Hai and the Witch King of Angmar.
Veracruz, officially known as Heroica Veracruz, is a major port city and municipality on the Gulf of Mexico in the Mexican state of Veracruz. The city is located along the coast in the central part of the state, 90 km southeast of the state capital Xalapa along Federal Highway 140.
Of the languages of France, the national language, French, is the only official language according to the second article of the French Constitution, and its standardized variant is by far the most widely spoken.
Louisa Caroline Baring, Lady Ashburton, was a Scottish art collector and philanthropist who had close connections with several artistic and literary figures of the period.
Sir Mallory Factor KCN is an American business executive, professor, author, and media contributor. Factor currently serves as the chairman and chief executive officer of IntraBio Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company based out of Oxford, United Kingdom.
The Fuchs spot, is a degeneration of the macula in case of high myopia. It is named after the two persons who first described it: Ernst Fuchs, who described a pigmented lesion in 1901, and Forster, who described subretinal neovascularisation in 1862. The size of the spots are proportionate to the severity of the pathological myopia.
USS Tippecanoe (AO-21) was a Patoka Replenishment oiler of the United States Navy.
The Courland Cuff Title, or Courland Cuff Band, was a World War II German military decoration awarded to Wehrmacht servicemen of Army Group Courland who served in the Courland Pocket.
"Chengdu Shude High School is a public high school in Chengdu, China. The phrase shude in Mandarin translates to ""cultivation of morals."" The school has been commended on multiple occasions by municipal and provincial authorities for achieving high average scores for the Gaokao, an important university-entrance exam."
The Battle of Lyman's Wagon Train was an incident in 1874, near Canadian, Texas. A 343 acres area at the site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001 for its information potential as an archeological site. As an archeological resource, the National Register does not disclose the location of the site.
Sam Khok is a district in the northern part of Pathum Thani Province, central Thailand, about 50 kilometres north of Bangkok.
"Lawrence Peter ""Yogi"" Berra was an American professional baseball catcher, who later took on the roles of manager and coach. He played 19 seasons in Major League Baseball, all but the last for the New York Yankees. He was an 18-time All-Star and won 10 World Series championships as a player—more than any other player in MLB history. Berra had a career batting average of .285, while hitting 358 home runs and 1,430 runs batted in. He is one of only six players to win the American League Most Valuable Player Award three times. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest catchers in baseball history, and was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1972.
Siam Piwat is a Bangkok-based retail and development company. The company is best known for managing Siam Center, Siam Discovery, Siam Paragon, and Iconsiam shopping malls in Bangkok, Thailand.
Kakamigahara is a city located in southern Gifu Prefecture in Japan. As of 1 January 2019, the city had an estimated population of 148,225, and a population density of 1700 persons per km², in 59,736 households. The total area of the city was 87.81 square kilometres.
"Avenue George V is a street in the 8th arrondissement of Paris. It starts at Place de l'Alma, and ends at No. 99 avenue des Champs-Elysées. It marks the western limit of Paris's ""golden triangle"".
The Central Committee composition was elected by the 12th Congress, and sat from 25 April 1923 until 31 May 1924. The CC 1st Plenary Session renewed the composition of the Politburo, Secretariat and the Organizational Bureau of the Russian Communist Party (Bolsheviks).
Andreas Lundstedt is a Swedish musician, best known as a member of the pop-dance group Alcazar.
Oshamambe is a town located in Oshima Subprefecture, Hokkaido, Japan.
Ténès is a town in Algeria located around 200 kilometers west of the capital Algiers. As of 2000, it has a population of 35,000 people.
The Early Winters Spires are two rock formations in the Liberty Bell Group of the North Cascade Range, set between Liberty Bell Mountain and Blue Lake Peak in Washington state, United States. The two spires are virtually one granite massif, split by a deep cleft formed by jointing and erosion. The shapes of these spires are attributed to ice wedging, cleaving along master joints by soil acids, and perpetual weathering.
The Castlemilk Moorit is a rare breed of domestic sheep originating in Dumfriesshire in Scotland.
Loxomma is an extinct genus of Loxommatinae and one of the first Carboniferous tetrapods. They were first described in 1862 and further described in 1870 when two more craniums were found. It is mostly associated with the area of the United Kingdom. They share features with modern reptiles as well as with fish. They had 4 paddle-like limbs that they used to swim in lakes, but they breathed air. Their diet consisted mostly of live fish. They are of the order Baphetidae which are distinguished by their keyhole shaped orbits, while Loxomma themselves are distinguished by the unique texture on their skulls, said to be honeycomb-like.
Alexander Gennadevitch Mogilny is a Russian retired professional ice hockey right winger. He played 17 seasons in the National Hockey League with the Buffalo Sabres, New Jersey Devils, Toronto Maple Leafs and Vancouver Canucks organizations. He won a gold medal at the 1988 Winter Olympics with the Soviet Union hockey team. He won a Stanley Cup in 2000 with the Devils. He was named a member of the Buffalo Sabres Hall of Fame on January 1, 2011.
Mörfelden-Walldorf is a town in the Groß-Gerau district, situated in the Frankfurt Rhine-Main Region in the federal state Hesse, Germany.
Elizabeth II was Queen of Sierra Leone from 1961 to 1971, when Sierra Leone was an independent constitutional monarchy. The Queen was also monarch of the other Commonwealth realms, including the United Kingdom.
The Afrikaanse Hoër Meisieskool is a public, Afrikaans medium high school for girls situated in the suburb of Clydesdale in Pretoria in the Gauteng province of South Africa, It is one of the top schools in Gauteng, It is the sister school of the Afrikaanse Hoër Seunskool.
Simon Delacroix, better known by his stage name the Toxic Avenger, is a French DJ, songwriter, and record producer.
The Italicus Express massacre was a terrorist bombing in Italy on a train of the public rail network.
Kulspruta m/39 is the Swedish designation for the M1919A4, chambered in 6.5×55mm and 8×63mm patron m/32, license-built by Carl Gustafs Stads Gevärsfaktori, and from about 1975 rebarreled in 7.62×51mm NATO. Intended for use in tanks and armoured vehicles, it is available with both left- and right hand feeding, with the former used in Combat Vehicle 90.
West St. Clair Township is a township in Bedford County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,730 at the 2010 census.
Krogaspe is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. Krogaspe is located north west of Neumünster close to Autobahn A7 and county highway 205 to Rendsburg.
Australopithecus afarensis is an extinct species of australopithecine which lived from about 3.9–2.9 million years ago in the Pliocene of East Africa. The first fossils were discovered in the 1930s, but major fossil finds would not be discovered until the 1970s. In the 1972–1977 expedition in Hadar, Ethiopia, the International Afar Research Expedition led by anthropologists Maurice Taieb, Donald Johanson, and Yves Coppens unearthed several hundreds of hominin specimens, the most significant being the exceedingly well-preserved skeleton AL 288-1 and the site AL 333. Beginning in 1974, Mary Leakey led an expedition into Laetoli, Tanzania, and recovered notably fossil trackways. In 1978, the species was first described, but this was followed by arguments for splitting the wealth of specimens into different species given the wide range of variation which had been attributed to sexual dimorphism. A. afarensis probably descended from A. anamensis and possibly gave rise to Homo, though the latter hypothesis is not without dissent.
Wang Shuang, courtesy name Ziquan, was a military officer of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period of China. He initially participated in battles against Wei's rival state Eastern Wu but was defeated and captured. Later, he rejoined Wei and was reassigned to the western front to fight against Wei's other rival state, Shu Han. He was killed in battle against Shu forces.
La Tâche is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Ringshall is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England. Located around four miles south of Stowmarket, and 13 miles north west of Ipswich.
Hiersac is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Psittacanthus acinarius is a species of mistletoe in the family Loranthaceae, which is native to
Harrison County is a county located in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2010 census, the population was 15,864, making it the fifth-least populous county in Ohio. Its county seat is Cadiz. The county is named for General William Henry Harrison, who was later President of the United States.
Isochrysis galbana is a species of Haptophyta. It is the type species of the genus Isochrysis. It is an outstanding food for various bivalve larvae and is now widely cultured for use in the bivalve aquaculture industry. This unicellular is investigated for its high amount of Fucoxanthin. The Isochrysis galbana extract is said to have certain cosmetic and hair-growth properties when using hexane, ethyl acetate, ethanol, water, methanol, or isopropanol as extractants.
The Rudra Mahalaya Temple, also known as Rudramal, is a destroyed/desecrated temple complex at Siddhpur in the Patan district of Gujarat, India. Its construction was started in 943 AD by Mularaja and completed in 1140 AD by Jayasimha Siddharaja, the rulers of the Chaulukya dynasty. This Hindu temple was destroyed by the Sultan of Delhi, Alauddin Khalji, and later the Sultan of Gujarat, Ahmed Shah I desecrated and substantially demolished this temple, and also converted part of it into the congregational mosque of the city. Two torans and four pillars of the former central structure still stand along with western part of the complex used as a congregational mosque.
The 1999 Motorola 300 was the sixth round of the 1999 CART FedEx Champ Car World Series season, held on May 29, 1999, on the Gateway International Raceway in Madison, Illinois.
Owiesno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzieroniów, within Dzieroniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.
Murray Graham Mexted is a former New Zealand rugby union player who played 34 consecutive tests for the All Blacks from 1979 to 1985. He also played 38 non-test games including 7 as captain. During his time with the All Blacks, he wore the Number eight jersey and was considered an excellent ball winner and an effective defender.
Kathy Mar worked as a professional folksinger and street performer in Denver, Colorado for many years before she discovered filk. Her first recordings were for Off Centaur Publications and she went on to do two albums with Thor Records which have recently been re-released as a CD double. She also did an album for Dandelion Digital with British songwriter Zander Nyrond which was one of the first filk CDs ever produced. Her cover album of her favorite filk and folk songs on Prometheus has been her most successful to date. She was inducted into the Filk Hall of Fame in only the second year of its existence. With Lindy Sears, she instigated the 'Dandelion Conspiracy' to promote filk to general SF conventions.
The de Havilland Gipsy Twelve was a British aero engine developed by the de Havilland Engine Company in 1937. Approximately 95 were manufactured. It was known as the Gipsy King in Royal Air Force service.
"Sir Bevil Grenville's Monument is a monument erected in 1720 on Lansdown, then called ""Lansdowne Hill"", 4 miles north-west of the city of Bath, in Somerset, England. It was designated a Grade II* listed building on 1 February 1956, and a scheduled monument on 12 December 1950.
"Ramanathapuram C. S. Murugabhoopathy, popularly referred to as CSM, was one of the most distinguished Mridanga maestros of the 20th century. He was a contemporary of Palghat Mani Iyer and Palani Subramania Pillai. The three legends are revered as the ""Holy Trinity of Mridanga""."
Chedun is a railway station on the Jinshan railway in Songjiang District, Shanghai. It opened for intercity passenger service on September 28, 2012.
The 213 series is a suburban electric multiple unit train type introduced in March 1987 by Japanese National Railways, and currently operated by West Japan Railway Company and Central Japan Railway Company in Japan. It is based on the earlier 211 series, although it differs in having two pairs of doors per side on each car instead of three.
Cegów is a village in Misk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Cegów. It lies approximately 13 kilometres east of Misk Mazowiecki and 51 km east of Warsaw.
Antennaria is a genus of herbaceous perennial plants in the family Asteraceae, native to temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere, with one species in temperate southern South America; the highest species diversity is in North America. Common names include catsfoot or cat's-foot, pussytoes and everlasting.
The Siberian accentor is a small passerine bird that breeds in northern Russia from the Ural Mountains eastwards across Siberia. It is migratory, wintering in Korea and eastern China, with rare occurrences in western Europe and northwestern North America. Its typical breeding habitat is subarctic deciduous forests and open coniferous woodland, often close to water, although it also occurs in mountains and spruce taiga. It inhabits bushes and shrubs in winter, frequently near streams, but may also be found in dry grassland and woods.
Selim I, known as Selim the Grim or Selim the Resolute, was the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire from 1512 to 1520. His reign is notable for the enormous expansion of the Empire, particularly his conquest between 1516 and 1517 of the entire Mamluk Sultanate of Egypt, which included all of the Levant, Hejaz, Tihamah, and Egypt itself. On the eve of his death in 1520, the Ottoman Empire spanned about 576,900 sq mi, having grown by seventy percent during Selim's reign.
Kji Tanigawa is a Japanese professional shogi player ranked 9-dan. He is the 17th Lifetime Meijin and also a former president of the Japan Shogi Association.
Jaroslav Kamarík is an orienteering competitor who competed for Czechoslovakia. At the 1979 World Orienteering Championships in Tampere he won a bronze medal in the relay, together with Petr Uher, Zdenk Lenhart and Jií Ticháek.
"Patricia ""Pat"" Scott was a pitcher who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League for parts of four seasons spanning 1948–1953. Listed at 5 ft 7 in, 155 lb., she batted and threw right-handed.
Tamako Kataoka was a Japanese Nihonga painter.
Akershus University Hospital is a Norwegian public university hospital in the Greater Oslo Region. It is located in the Lørenskog municipality in the region of Viken, just east of the Norwegian capital Oslo. It is a teaching hospital and one of two university hospitals affiliated with the University of Oslo, alongside the larger Oslo University Hospital. The hospital has around 10,000 employees and a capacity of around 1,000 beds.
Stanisaw Wojciechowski was a Polish politician, scholar, and activist in the cooperative movement. In 1922 he was elected the second President of the Republic of Poland following the assassination of Gabriel Narutowicz. He was ousted by the May Coup d'État of 1926.
Kuragala is a pre-historic archaeological site with ruins of ancient Buddhist Cave temple complex, dating back to the 2nd century BC, in Balangoda, Sri Lanka. The temple complex is located on the Balangoda - Kaltota road approximately 24 km distance from the Balangoda town. The site has been formally recognised by the Government as an archaeological reserve in Sri Lanka. Kuragala is considered as the oldest archaeological site found in the Intermediate Zone.
Daniel Vnukowski is a Polish Canadian pianist whose insightful interpretations of the standard classical music repertory are supplemented by projects that uncover rarely performed works.
The Cape penduline tit or southern penduline tit is a species of bird in the family Remizidae.
Euproserpinus phaeton, the Phaeton primrose sphinx moth, is a moth of the family Sphingidae. the species was first described by Augustus Radcliffe Grote and Herbert C. Robinson in 1865. It is found in North America from California south to Baja California Sur and further into Mexico. It has also been reported in south-western Arizona.
The Ob, also Ob', is a major river in western Siberia, Russia, and is the world's seventh-longest river. It forms at the confluence of the rivers Biya and Katun which have their origins in the Altay Mountains. It is the westernmost of the three great Siberian rivers that flow into the Arctic Ocean.
Saint Gerardo dei Tintori or Tintore is a saint of the Catholic Church, joint patron saint of Monza in Italy, where he is particularly noted as the founder of a hospital.
HMS Fly was an 18-gun sloop of the Royal Navy. She was responsible for the exploration and charting of much of Australia's north-east coast and nearby islands. She was converted to a coal hulk in 1855 and broken up in 1903.
Llanfihangel Penbedw is a parish in the former Hundred of Kilgerran in northeast Pembrokeshire, Wales. The parish, a joint curacy with Capel Colman, in the Diocese of St David's in the Church in Wales, included the village of Boncath and part of the village of Blaenffos. The parish church is abandoned and the civil parish has been absorbed into Boncath Community.
Kushari, also Koshari and Koshary, is Egypt’s national dish and a widely popular street food. An Egyptian dish that originated during the mid-19th century, the dish combines Italian, Indian and Middle Eastern culinary elements. Kushari is made of rice, macaroni, and lentils mixed together, topped with a spiced tomato sauce and garlic vinegar and garnished with chickpeas and crispy fried onions and is often served with sprinklings of garlic juice, garlic vinegar and hot sauce are optional.
The Defense Counterintelligence and Security Agency is a federal security agency of the United States Department of Defense. Within areas of DoD responsibility, DCSA is tasked with conducting personnel security investigations, supervising industrial security, and performing security education and awareness training. DCSA Industrial Security Representatives, Background Investigators and Information System Security Professionals are credentialed Special Agents. The Director of DCSA reports to the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. DCSA provides the uniformed US military services, Department of Defense Agencies, 33 other federal agencies, and approximately 13,500 cleared contractor facilities with security support services.
The Battle of Giurgiu took place on 27–30 October 1595. It was part of the Long War, a border conflict between the Habsburg Monarchy and the Ottoman Empire over Balkan territories.
South Dakota Highway 13 is a 23.835-mile-long state highway in Moody and Brookings counties in the U.S. state of South Dakota. It connects Flandreau with Elkton. SD 13 was originally part of SD 11's path.
John Phillips was an English artist and illustrator. He is perhaps best known as a satirical etcher.
The District of Molonglo Valley is one of the nineteen districts of the Australian Capital Territory used in land administration, and the only district that was not created in 1966. The district is subdivided into divisions, sections and blocks and is the newest district of Canberra, the capital city of Australia. The district is planned to consist of thirteen suburbs, planned to contain 33,000 dwellings, with an expected population of between 50,000 and 73,000. To be developed in three stages over more than ten years, the district will contain a principal town centre and a secondary group centre, with residential suburbs located to the south and north of the Molonglo River; located to the west of Lake Burley Griffin.
Callejones is a barrio in the municipality of Lares, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 4,575. Machos Cave and Pajita Cave are located in Callejones.
Bhaktapur district located in the eastern part of Kathmandu valley, is the smallest among the seventy-seven districts of Nepal. It is part of Bagmati Pradesh. The district, with Bhaktapur as its district headquarters, covers an area of 119 km² (46 sq mi) and in 2011 had a population of 304,651 of whom 9,701 people were absent (mostly working abroad).
Atco is a train station in Atco, New Jersey on the Atlantic City Line. It serves NJ Transit trains, and the local 554 bus route.
Tanvin Sweety is a Bangladeshi television, stage and film actress and model. As of 2005, she acted in more than a hundred television plays.
Bogota, also known as Bogota Farm, is a historic home and farm and national historic district located near Port Republic, Rockingham County, Virginia. The main house was built between 1845 and 1847, and is a two-story, five bay, brick Greek Revival style dwelling. It features a brick cornice, stepped-parapet gable end walls, and a low-pitched gable roof. The front facade has a two-story pedimented portico sheltering the center bay. Also on the property are the contributing smokehouse, two slave dwellings, a garden area, bank barn, log house, and two archaeological sites including a possible slave cemetery. On June 9, 1862, Bogota was the scene of action during the Battle of Port Republic.
Hojamuhammet Toýçyýew is a Turkmen weightlifter, competing in the +105 kg category. He participated in the 2016 Olympics, and placed fifth and fourth at the 2014 and 2018 Asian Games, respectively. He won two medals at the Asian championships in 2016–2017.
"Richard Lee is a marijuana rights activist who runs various medical marijuana programs throughout the ""Oaksterdam"" area of downtown Oakland, California. He is regarded as a central figure in Northern California's medical marijuana movement. He also operates a coffee shop. He has been active in working to end cannabis prohibition since 1992."
Fulford is a village and civil parish about 5 miles north east of Stone, in the Stafford district, in the county of Staffordshire, England. In 2011 the built-up area had a population of 650 and the parish had 5931. The village is on one of the tributaries of the River Blythe. The parish is one of the largest in the Stafford district. The parish touches Forsbrook, Hilderstone, Stone Rural, Barlaston and Draycott in the Moors. Fulford is the highest point in the Stafford district and varies between 650 and 730 feet above sea level.
The Castle of Atienza is a castle located in Atienza, Spain. It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1931. Standing high on a rock, it can be seen from miles around. The castle frequently changed hands between the Muslims and the European Christians until it was finally taken by Alfonso VI in 1085.
Ariel Porat is the president of Tel Aviv University, a full professor and former dean at TAU's Buchmann Faculty of Law. Until his appointment as president, he was a distinguished visiting professor of law at the University of Chicago Law School. He is a member of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities, incumbent of the Alain Poher Chair in Private Law at TAU, and recipient of The EMET Prize for Art, Science and Culture for Legal Research.
Rattersdorf is an Austrian hamlet about 90 km south of Vienna, with a population of under 500. It is in the municipality of Mannersdorf an der Rabnitz, Oberpullendorf district, Burgenland state. Until 1899 the village was officially known by the more abbreviated name of Rt.
Manuc Bey was an Armenian merchant, diplomat and inn-keeper.
Bhimber is the southernmost of the eight districts of Azad Kashmir, the district is between Latitude: 32-48 to 33-34 and Longitude: 73.55 to 74-45, and has an area of 1516 km². The chief town is Bhimber
Tahua is one of the cantons of the Tahua Municipality, the second municipal section of the Daniel Campos Province in the Potosí Department of Bolivia. During the census of 2001 it had 673 inhabitants. Its seat is Tahua with a population of 271 in 2001.
The Mercury Milan is a mid-size car that was marketed by the Mercury division of Ford Motor Company. Named after Milan, an Italian city, the Milan was sold across the 2006 to 2011 model years across a single generation. The smaller of two model lines developed to replace the Mercury Sable, indirectly succeeding the Mercury Mystique as the smallest Mercury sedan.
Weddelbrook is a municipality in the district of Segeberg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Ishimine Station is a railway station on the Okinawa Urban Monorail in Naha, Okinawa Prefecture, Japan.
Nebraska Highway 89 is a highway in southern Nebraska. Its western terminus is at U.S. Highway 83 west of Danbury. Its eastern terminus is at an intersection with U.S. Highway 183 south of Alma.
HMS Speedy was one of 21 Halcyon-class minesweepers built for the Royal Navy in the 1930s.
Fownes Street is a street in Dublin in the Republic of Ireland that runs from Wellington Quay in the north to Dame Street in the south. It is crossed by Temple Bar in the north and joined by Cecilia Street on its western side and Cope Street on its eastern side. It is divided into Fownes Street Lower and Fownes Street Upper.
Alsea or Alsean was two closely related speech varieties spoken along the central Oregon coast. They are sometimes taken to be different languages, but it is difficult to be sure given the poor state of attestation; Mithun believes they were probably dialects of a single language.
Bill Brown is a retired American baseball announcer. After spending several years working Cincinnati Reds broadcasts, Brown worked for the Houston Astros from 1987 to 2016.
The Grand Hotel de L'Independance, formerly the Hotel de France, is a hotel in downtown Conakry, Guinea. The hotel was first opened in 1954 as the Hotel de France, with a modernistic design for the time. It was renamed the Grand Hotel de L'Independance when Guinea gained independence in 1958.
Avon Riverside is the newest station of the Avon Valley Railway. It opened on 1 May 2004.
Southwark West was a parliamentary constituency centred on the Southwark district of South London. It returned one Member of Parliament to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Pinswang is a municipality in the Austrian Ausserfern region of the northern Tyrol. It lies on the border with the Allgäu region of Bavaria in Germany.
Paterna de Rivera is a small town located in the province of Cádiz, Spain. According to the 2005 census, it had a population of 5,354.
Lauren Arnell is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Brisbane Lions in the AFL Women's competition. She served as Carlton's inaugural AFLW team captain in the 2017 season.
Kkimae Station is a railway station on the Minato Line in Hitachinaka, Ibaraki, Japan, operated by the third-sector railway operator Hitachinaka Seaside Railway.
General elections were held in Zimbabwe on 30 July 2018 to elect the President and members of both houses of Parliament. Held eight months after the 2017 coup d'état, the election was the first since independence in which former President Robert Mugabe was not a candidate.
Puilboreau is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Paul Louis Adolf Mebes was a German architect, architectural theorist and university professor.
"Tariq Luqmaan Trotter, better known as Black Thought, is an American rapper and the lead MC of the Philadelphia-based hip hop group the Roots, which he co-founded with drummer Questlove. Regarded as ""one of the most skilled, incisive, and prolific rappers of his time"" by Andy Kellman of AllMusic, he is widely lauded for his live performance skills, continuous multisyllabic rhyme schemes, complex lyricism, double entendres, and politically aware lyrics. With the Roots, he is a singer and rapper on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, frequently playing games with Fallon and his guests."
Saga Prefectural Chienkan Junior & Senior High School is both a junior and senior high school and is located in Saga City, Saga Prefecture, Japan. It was awarded the title of Super Science High School in Japan.
Saint-Magne is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Lalanne-Arqué is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Martin Joseph Léonard Bresso, better known by his stage name Tchami, is a French record producer and DJ from Paris. A founding member of the Pardon My French collective, he is best known for his solo work and regarded as a pioneer of the future house genre alongside Dutch DJs Oliver Heldens and Don Diablo.
Pervomaysky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the twenty-three in Tambov Oblast, Russia. It is located in the northwest of the oblast. The area of the district is 941 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the urban locality of Pervomaysky. Population: 29,277; 31,925; 35,948. The population of the administrative center accounts for 43.2% of the district's total population.
Ubisoft Blue Byte GmbH is a German video game developer based in Düsseldorf. Founded in October 1988 by Thomas Hertzler and Lothar Schmitt, the company is best known for developing the Anno and The Settlers series. The studio was acquired by Ubisoft in 2001. Today, Ubisoft Blue Byte consists of three studios branded as Ubisoft Düsseldorf, Ubisoft Mainz and Ubisoft Berlin, with the Blue Byte name serving as the legal umbrella for all three studios.
Mutara III Rudahigwa was King of Rwanda between 1931 and 1959. He was the first Rwandan king to be baptised, and Roman Catholicism took hold in Rwanda during his reign. His Christian names were Charles Léon Pierre, and he is sometimes referred to as Charles Mutara III Rudahigwa.
"Dre-fach Felindre is a village in Carmarthenshire, West Wales. It is located four miles south-east of Newcastle Emlyn. It lies at the confluence of three fast-flowing streams, the Nant Bargod, Nant Esgair and Nant Brân, where their steep-sided valleys open out into the Teifi Valley. In the 19th and early 20th century it was an important centre for the woollen industry and was given the epithet, ""the Huddersfield of Wales"". As the population increased, the villages of Dre-fach and Felindre extended and merged to form the present community.
"Panhandle High School is a public high school located in the city of Panhandle, Texas in Carson County, United States and classified as a 2A school by the UIL. It is a part of the Panhandle Independent School District located in central Carson County. In 2015, the school was rated ""Met Standard"" by the Texas Education Agency."
The Ambewela Aitken Spence Wind Farm is small wind farm in Ambewela, owned and operated by Ace Wind Power, a subsidiary of Aitken Spence. As of October 2012, it is one of the only few operating multi-megawatt wind farms in Sri Lanka. The wind farm consists of 12 wind turbines of 250 KW each, totalling the plant installed capacity to 3 megawatts.
Huangmugang station is a Metro station of Shenzhen Metro Line 7. It opened on 28 October 2016.
Two Rivers is a census-designated place in Fairbanks North Star Borough, Alaska, United States. It lies between mile 13 and mile 25 on the Chena Hot Springs Road, northeast of Fairbanks. As of the 2010 United States Census, the CDP had a population of 719, up from 482 in 2000.
Howrah Maidan Metro Station is a station of the Kolkata Metro Line 2 in Howrah Maidan, Howrah, India. The underground station is located near the Howrah Municipal Corporation Stadium and the Howrah Sarat Sadan. It is the terminus of Line 2 of the Kolkata Metro.
Coldstream is a district municipality in British Columbia, Canada, located at the northern end of Kalamalka Lake in the Okanagan Valley. Incorporated on December 21, 1906, Coldstream celebrated its centennial in 2006. The municipality is directly southeast of Vernon and is considered part of Greater Vernon. It is a member municipality of, and also the location of the head offices, of the Regional District of North Okanagan.
The City Municipality of Kranj is one of eleven city municipalities of Slovenia. It lies in northwestern Slovenia and was established in 1994. Its seat is the city of Kranj. The area traditionally belongs to the region of Upper Carniola and has been included in Upper Carniola Statistical Region since 1995.
"Riksförbundet M Sverige, formerly Motormännens riksförbund is an organization for motor vehicle-owners in Sweden. It was established in 1922. in Malmö as ""Sveriges förenade motormän"". The name was changed in 1924."
San Marcos Regional Airport is a public use airport located in Caldwell County, Texas, United States. It is four nautical miles east of the central business district of San Marcos, a city that is mostly in Hays County. The airport is owned by the City of San Marcos and operated by Texas Aviation Partners. It is located east of the border of Caldwell County and Hays County. Before it was operated as a civilian airport it was known as Gary Air Force Base.
São José do Rio Pardo is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. The population is 54,388 in an area of 419 km². The elevation is 676 m. It was founded by Colonel Antônio Marçal Nogueira de Barros in 1870. In the same year, a chapel to Saint Joseph was built. It became a municipality in 1885, when it was separated from Casa Branca. In the late 1800s and the early 1900s the town received a mass of immigration from northern Italy, those immigrants went to town for working in the coffee fields in replacement of the slave workforce, since slaves were set free in 1888 by an act of Princess Elizabeth.
The building stands on the southern edge of the Gdansk Forest area of Bydgoszcz. It is a municipal building pumping underground water since 1900s. The ensemble is registered on the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship Heritage List.
Torben Emil Meyer was a Danish-American character actor who appeared in more than 190 films in a 55-year career.
Matej Jug is a Slovenian international referee.
Britt-Marie Elisabeth Göranzon Malmsjö is a Swedish actress.
Admiral Sir Wilbraham Tennyson Randle Ford, KCB, KBE, OStJ was a senior officer in the Royal Navy. He was the Rear Admiral Commanding His Majesty's Australian Squadron from April 1934 to April 1936.
The 2007 Aragonese regional election was held on Sunday, 27 May 2007, to elect the 7th Cortes of the autonomous community of Aragon. All 67 seats in the Cortes were up for election. The election was held simultaneously with regional elections in 12 other autonomous communities and local elections all throughout Spain.
Aminoddole Plaza is one of the several plazas and perhaps the most majestic one in the grand Bazaar of Kashan.
Runnemede is a borough in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the borough's population was 8,468, reflecting a decline of 65 from the 8,533 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn declined by 509 from the 9,042 counted in the 1990 Census.
Vaksdal is a municipality in the county of Vestland, Norway. It is located in the traditional district of Nordhordland. The administrative centre is the village of Dalekvam. Other villages in Vaksdal include Dalegarden, Flatkvål, Helle, Nesheim, Stamneshella, Stanghelle, and Vaksdal.
"New Deer is a settlement in Aberdeenshire, North East Scotland, that lies in the valley of Deer. It was founded after monks from Deer Abbey, Old Deer built a chapel at Auchreddie, which translates as ""field of the bog myrtle"". Around 1507 the register of Deer Abbey lists its lands in the ""new paroche of Deir"". The name Auchreddie has dropped in significance over the years, however the southern end of the village is still known by this name.
Groenplaats premetro station is an Antwerp premetro station. Located underneath the Groenplaats, it is served by lines 3, 5, 9 and 15.
NGC 2998 is a barred spiral galaxy located in the constellation Ursa Major. It is 195 million light-years away from the Earth. It is an intermediate spiral galaxy.
Eric Arndt is an American professional wrestler who performs on the independent circuit under the ring name nZo. He is best known for his tenure with WWE, where he performed under the ring name Enzo Amore.
"Sofia Tarasova is a Ukrainian singer and actress. Tarasova represented Ukraine at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2013 with her song ""We Are One"". She placed 2nd with 121 points.
Santiago Botero Echeverry is a Colombian former professional road bicycle racer. He was a pro from 1996 to 2010, during which time he raced in three editions of the Tour de France and four editions of the Vuelta a España. He was best known for winning the mountains classification in the Tour de France, and the World Championship Time Trial.
Clinton is a village in Sheridan County, Nebraska, United States. The village was named for Clinton, Iowa. The population was 41 at the 2010 census.
Cymbium cymbium, commonly known as the false elephant's snout volute, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.
Taphan Hin is a district in the central part of Phichit Province, central Thailand.
Rainz was a South Korean boy group consisting of seven members who previously participated in Mnet's 2017 survival show Produce 101 Season 2. They debuted on October 12, 2017, with Sunshine. They officially disbanded after concluding their last group activities in Japan on October 28, 2018, and returned to their respective agencies.
St Clair is a suburb of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. It is 39 kilometres west of the Sydney central business district, in the local government area of the City of Penrith and is part of the Greater Western Sydney region. St Clair is within view of the Blue Mountains.
Dallasaurus is a basal mosasauroid from the Upper Cretaceous of North America. Along with Russellosaurus, Dallasaurus is one of the two oldest mosasauroid taxa currently known from North America. This small semi-aquatic lizard measured less than a meter in length, compared to such gigantic derived mosasaurs as Tylosaurus and Mosasaurus, each exceeding 14 meters.
Pieros Sotiriou is a Cypriot professional footballer who plays as a striker for FC Astana in Kazakhstan and the Cyprus national team.
Mike is a 1926 American drama film directed by Marshall Neilan. The film is a modest production, featuring Sally O'Neil and William Haines.
The 1998 California State Controller election occurred on November 3, 1998. The primary elections took place on June 3, 1998. The Democratic incumbent, Kathleen Connell, defeated the Republican nominee, Ruben Barrales in a landslide, winning every county except three: Glenn, Kern, and Sutter. Every candidate was unopposed in the primary.
The Indian Head gold pieces or Pratt-Bigelow gold coins were two separate coin series, identical in design, struck by the United States Mint: a two-and-a-half-dollar piece, or quarter eagle, and a five-dollar coin, or half eagle. The quarter eagle was struck from 1908 to 1915 and from 1925–1929. The half eagle was struck from 1908 to 1916, and in 1929. The pieces remain the only US circulating coins with recessed designs. These coins were the last of their denominations to be struck for circulation, ending series that began in the 1790s.
A rape is a traditional territorial sub-division of the county of Sussex in England, formerly used for various administrative purposes. Their origin is unknown, but they appear to predate the Norman Conquest. Historically the rapes formed the basis of local government in Sussex.
Wetmore is an unincorporated community and a U.S. Post Office located in Custer County, Colorado, United States. The Wetmore Post Office has the ZIP Code 81253.
The United States Post Office in downtown Crawford, Nebraska is a historic edifice built to house the Crawford branch of the United States Postal Service. It was built in 1938-1939 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 11, 1992, as part of the Nebraska Post Offices Which Contain Section Artwork MPS.
Lake Leon, also known as Tom Brown Park Pond, is a small lake on the eastern side of Tallahassee, Florida, United States. Located within Tom Brown Park, there is a nature trail around the lake, with a boardwalk along one side.
"""Gabriel's Message"" or ""The angel Gabriel from heaven came"" is a Basque Christmas folk carol about the Annunciation to the Virgin Mary by the archangel Gabriel that she would become the mother of Jesus Christ the Son of God."
The state emblem of Uzbekistan was adopted on July 2, 1992. It is similar to the emblem of the previous Uzbek SSR. Like other post-Soviet republics whose symbols do not predate the October Revolution, the current emblem retains some components of the Soviet one. Prior to 1992, Uzbekistan had an emblem similar to all other Soviet Republics.
Cristóbal Rojas Sandoval was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Archbishop of Seville,
Saltfjellet is a mountain area in Nordland county, Norway that separates the two regions of Helgeland and Salten. It is also a cultural border between the Southern and Central parts of Sápmi.
The Gulf menhaden is a small marine filter-feeding fish belonging to the family Clupeidae. The range of Gulf menhaden encompasses the entirety of the Gulf of Mexico nearshore waters, with the exception of the extreme eastern Yucatan and western Cuba. Evidence from morphology and DNA analyses suggest that the Gulf menhaden is the Gulf of Mexico complement to the Atlantic menhaden. Both species support large commercial reduction fisheries, with Gulf menhaden supporting the second largest fishery, by weight, in the United States.
Saint Kyriakos the Anchorite was born in Corinth in the year 448.
Avante! is the official newspaper of the Portuguese Communist Party. Founded in 1931, it continues to be published to this day. The newspaper's motto is Workers of the World, Unite! and has been present in every edition of the newspaper since the very first.
The Tobu 30000 series is a DC electric multiple unit commuter train type operated by the private railway operator Tobu Railway in Japan since 1997. Initially formed as six-car and four-car sets, sets are mostly formed as permanently coupled ten-car formations since 2011.
Tore Anton Holm was a Swedish yacht designer, boatbuilder, and sailor who competed in the 1920, 1928, 1932, 1936 and 1948 Summer Olympics.
"Charles Priestley ""Peggy"" Flournoy was an American football and baseball player and coach. He was the first Tulane football player selected first-team All-American. In 1925, he led the nation in scoring with 128 points, a school record not broken until 2007 by Matt Forte."
Bayrakl Tunnels, formerly Karyaka Tunnels, are two motorway tunnels in series located on the zmir's northern beltway, motorway O-30 E87, in Bayrakl district between Karyaka and Bornova of Izmir Province, western Turkey.
Chee Dale is a steep-sided gorge on the River Wye near Buxton, Derbyshire, in the Peak District of England.
The Gaffoor Building is a prominent four-storey wedge-shaped building located on the corner Sir Baron Jayatilaka Mawatha and Leyden Bastian Street, Colombo Fort.
The Water Tower is a 14th-century tower in Chester, Cheshire, England, which is attached by a spur wall to Bonewaldesthorne's Tower on the city walls. The tower, together with its spur wall, is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building. The original name of the tower was New Tower but in the 17th century it became known as the Water Tower, although the City Assembly tried to insist on the usage of its correct name.
Monterrein is a former commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune Ploërmel.
Anthony Frederick Levin is an American musician and composer, specializing in electric bass, Chapman Stick and upright bass. He also sings and plays synthesizer. Levin is best known for his work with King Crimson and Peter Gabriel. He was also a member of Liquid Tension Experiment, Bruford Levin Upper Extremities and HoBoLeMa. He has led his own band, Stick Men, since 2010.
Taylor's writhing skink or pygmy supple skink is a species of skink found in Thailand.
Nemuro is a subprefecture of Hokkaido Prefecture, Japan. Japan claims the southern parts of the disputedKuril Islands as part of this subprefecture.
"Ahmose I was a pharaoh and founder of the Eighteenth Dynasty of Egypt, classified as the first dynasty of the New Kingdom of Egypt, the era in which ancient Egypt achieved the peak of its power. He was a member of the Theban royal house, the son of pharaoh Seqenenre Tao and brother of the last pharaoh of the Seventeenth dynasty, Kamose. During the reign of his father or grandfather, Thebes rebelled against the Hyksos, the rulers of Lower Egypt. When he was seven years old, his father was killed, and he was about ten when his brother died of unknown causes after reigning only three years. Ahmose I assumed the throne after the death of his brother, and upon coronation became known as nb-ptj-r ""The Lord of Strength is Ra"".
Matt Jones is an American football running back who is a free agent. He played college football for the University of Florida, and was drafted by the Washington Redskins in the third round of the 2015 NFL Draft. He has also played for the Indianapolis Colts, Philadelphia Eagles, and St. Louis BattleHawks.
Pustá Kamenice is a village and municipality in Svitavy District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.
Barnston is a village and civil parish in Essex, England. It is located 2 miles southeast from Great Dunmow and is 9 miles north-northwest from the county town of Chelmsford. The village is in the district of Uttlesford and in the parliamentary constituency of Saffron Walden. The village has its own Parish Council and local football team Barnston A.F.C.
The Cauca Valley dry forests is a tropical dry broadleaf forest ecoregion in Colombia.
J. F. Oberlin University is a private university in Machida, Tokyo, Japan. The university was founded by Yasuzo Shimizu. Its name is derived from that of pastor and philanthropist J. F. Oberlin, and the name also shows the university's historical ties with Oberlin College in Oberlin, Ohio, which the university's founder attended.
Mesa Verde National Park is an American national park and UNESCO World Heritage Site located in Montezuma County, Colorado. The park protects some of the best-preserved Ancestral Puebloan archaeological sites in the United States.
Pedro Tapia, O.P. was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Archbishop of Seville, Bishop of Córdoba, Bishop of Sigüenza, and Bishop of Segovia.
USS Nemes (SP-424) was a United States Navy patrol vessel commissioned in July 1917 and sunk in August 1917.
The southern yellow bat is a species of vesper bat that belongs to suborder microchiroptera in the family Vespertilionidae. It is native to South, North and Central America, from the Rio Grande Valley of Texas in the United States to Argentina.
Zachemie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnask, within Kielce County, witokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres east of Zagnask and 12 km north-east of the regional capital Kielce.
The Wright SRM is a twin-axle double-decker bus body manufactured by Wrightbus, designed for the Volvo B5LH and Volvo B5LHC hybrid chassis. The design is based on the New Routemaster, sharing the majority of body panels up to the rear quarter section but having no second staircase or third door. It was designed with provincial bus operators in mind, rather than being exclusively for bus operators in London.
Maramure County is a county of Romania, in the Maramure region. The county seat is Baia Mare.
The Northern Pacific Railway was a transcontinental railroad that operated across the northern tier of the western United States, from Minnesota to the Pacific Northwest. It was approved by Congress in 1864 and given nearly forty million acres of land grants, which it used to raise money in Europe for construction.
The R208 road is a regional road in Ireland linking the R280 and R202 roads in County Leitrim.
Javorník is a village in the Czech Republic, located 4 km northwest of Svitavy.
Ansac-sur-Vienne is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
The Kleine Spree is a river of Saxony, Germany. It is a left branch of the Spree, from which it splits near Großdubrau and which it joins near Spreewitz.
Kinnear Park is a 14.1-acre park on the southwest slope of Queen Anne Hill in Seattle, Washington, United States located between W. Olympic Place on the northeast, W. Mercer Place and Elliott Avenue W. on the southwest, the 9th Avenue W. right of way on the west, and the 6th Avenue W. right of way on the east. It is two-tiered, with a lawn and open space atop the cliff, and a wooded area below.
Chéhéry is a former commune in the Ardennes department in northern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Chémery-Chéhéry.
The Old House of Siiao Family is a former residence in Jiadong Township, Pingtung County, Taiwan.
The Hungarian Historical Society is a learned society in Hungary, established in 1867. Its main responsibilities are the cultivation of the History of Hungary, dissemination of scientific findings, supporting research and development and representing the history of Hungary domestically and around the world.
The Eduardo H. Gato House is a historic home in Key West, Florida, United States. It is located at 1209 Virginia Street. On April 11, 1973, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places Eduardo H. Gato and family also lived at 1327 Duval Street, also known as the southernmost Point Guest House.
Castel Ruggero, also spelled as Castelruggero, is a southern Italian village and hamlet of Torre Orsaia, a municipality in the province of Salerno, Campania. As of 2011, it had a population of 400.
Tecomán is a municipality in the Mexican state of Colima.
"Captain Freedom is a fictional comic book superhero from the period known as ""Golden Age of Comic Books"". His creator was identified as ""Franklin Flagg"" in the credits, but the identity of the individual behind the pseudonym remains unknown. He first appeared in Speed Comics #13, a Harvey Comics title. He continued to appear in Speed Comics until its cancellation in #44.
West Penn Township is a township in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 4,442 in the 2010 census.
"Creech Air Force Base is a United States Air Force command and control facility in Clark County, Nevada used ""to engage in daily Overseas Contingency Operations …of remotely piloted aircraft systems which fly missions across the globe."" In addition to an airport, the military installation has the Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Battlelab, associated aerial warfare ground equipment, and unmanned aerial vehicles of the type used in Afghanistan and Iraq. Creech is the aerial training site for the USAF Thunderbirds and ""is one of two emergency divert airfields"" for the Nevada Test and Training Range.
Tangipahoa is a village in Tangipahoa Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 748 at the 2010 census. It was named after the Tangipahoa Native American tribe. Tangipahoa is part of the Hammond Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Dinard–Pleurtuit–Saint-Malo Airport or Aéroport de Dinard – Pleurtuit – Saint-Malo is an airport serving the city of Saint-Malo, France. It is located 5 km south-southwest of Dinard in Pleurtuit, a commune of the département of Ille-et-Vilaine.
The Crucified Lovers is a 1954 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Kenji Mizoguchi. It was adapted from Chikamatsu Monzaemon's 1715 jruri play Daikyji Mukashi Goyomi.
Glenwood Landing is a hamlet and census-designated place in Nassau County, New York, United States. The population was 3,779 at the 2010 census.
Mathikettan Shola National Park is a 12.82 km² national park in Poopara village of Udumbanchola taluk in Idukki district of Kerala state, South India.It notified area national park in 21 November 2003.
Westminster is a Regional Transportation District (RTD) commuter rail station on the B Line in Westminster, Colorado, part of the Denver metropolitan area. The station opened on July 25, 2016, and became the interim northern terminus of the B Line until extensions north toward Boulder and Longmont are built. From Westminster, B Line trains travel 6 miles south to Union Station in Denver, taking about 11 minutes.
María Amalia, Infanta of Spain, was a Spanish princess. She was a daughter of King Charles IV of Spain, in 1795, she married her uncle Infante Antonio Pascual of Spain.
Bouarfa, is a city in Oriental Region in northeastern Morocco and the capital of Figuig Province. According to the 2004 census it had a population of 24,527.
"Kim Kim Gallery is a contemporary art gallery run by Gregory Maass & Nayoungim, a German-Korean artist duo. The Gallery was founded at the Market Gallery in Glasgow, Scotland, in 2008. It describes itself as ""a non-profit organization, locative art, an art dealership based on unconventional marketing, a curatorial approach, an exhibition design firm, and editor of rare artist books, depending on the situation it adapts to; in short, it does not fit the format imposed by the term Gallery"".Clemens Krümmel writes, ""This begins with the excess of dis-identificatory self-reference in creative dialogue with the institution Kim Kim Gallery, along with corporate identity and advertising products and a mania borrowed from Martin Kippenberger for 'great' work or exhibition titles"".
Lee Presson and the Nails is a swing band that formed in San Francisco in October 1994 during the late 1990s swing revival.
Hazel Brugger is a Swiss-American Slam Poet, stand-up comedian, cabaret artist, television presenter and author.
Soviet Song was a racehorse bred and owned by Elite Racing Club. She was foaled on 18 February 2000, sired by Marju out of Kalinka. She raced in England, Ireland and France during her career and she was the highest rated older filly in the World in 2004 and 2005.
The Xbox 360 game console, developed by Microsoft, features a number of first-party and third-party accessories.
Glaine-Montaigut is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
The Taft Building is a historic twelve-story building at 6280 W. Hollywood Blvd. and 1680 North Vine Street, Hollywood and Vine, in Hollywood, California.
Kfar Menahem is a kibbutz in southern Israel. Located about 7 km east of Kiryat Malakhi, it falls under the jurisdiction of Yoav Regional Council. In 2019 it had a population of 1,366.
1199SEIU United Healthcare Workers East is the largest healthcare union in the United States. With a membership of 400,000 including retirees, its stated mission is to achieve quality healthcare, good jobs and social justice for all. It is the largest local union within the Service Employees International Union.
Ali Fazal is an Indian actor and model. He made his screen debut with a small role in the English language film The Other End of the Line before appearing in the American television miniseries Bollywood Hero.
Amphicotylus is an extinct genus of goniopholidid mesoeucrocodylian from the Tithonian of Colorado and Oklahoma.
The Game of Alice in Wonderland is a traditional card game published in 1882 by Selchow and Righter. It is the first game, based on the book Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll. The cards feature colorized illustrations based on the original Sir John Tenniel illustrations.
The discography of Arsenio Rodríguez consists of numerous singles released between 1940 and 1956 by Victor, as well as LPs released between 1957 and 1970 by various labels. In addition, there are noncommercial recordings archived at the Center for Folklife Programs and Cultural Studies Archive, Smithsonian Institution.
Esbjörn Svensson Trio was a Swedish jazz piano trio formed in 1993 consisting of Esbjörn Svensson, Dan Berglund, and Magnus Öström. Its music has classical, rock, pop, and techno elements. It lists classical composer Béla Bartók and rock band Radiohead as influences. Its style involves conventional jazz and the use of electronic effects and multitrack recording.
Kerry Danielle Ingram is an English actress, known for her roles as Shireen Baratheon in the HBO series Game of Thrones and Rebecca 'Becky' Sidebottom in the Netflix series Free Rein.
The Battle of Magdala was the conclusion of the British Expedition to Abyssinia fought in April 1868 between British and Abyssinian forces at Magdala, 390 miles from the Red Sea coast. The British were led by Robert Napier, while the Abyssinians were led by Emperor Tewodros II.
The Borno Emirate or Borno Sultanate is a traditional Nigerian state formed at the start of the 20th century. It is headed by descendants of the rulers of the Bornu Empire, founded before 1000. The rulers have the title Shehu of Borno. The traditional Emirate of Borno maintains a ceremonial rule of the Kanuri people, based in Maiduguri, Borno State, Nigeria, but acknowledged by the 4 million Kanuri in neighbouring countries.
Hayathnagar is a Region of Hyderabad in Ranga Reddy district of the Indian state of Telangana, pincode-501505. It is located in Hayathnagar mandal of Ibrahimpatnam revenue division. This circle comes under L. B. Nagar of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation. There are four wards in this circle namely Nagole Mansoorabad, Hayathnagar and B. N. Reddy Nagar. It lies on National Highway 65.
The Wilson Avenue Line is a public transit line in Brooklyn, New York City, running along Wilson Avenue and Rockaway Avenue between Williamsburg and Canarsie. Originally a streetcar line, it is now the B60 bus route, operated by MTA New York City Bus.
The Chevrolet Spark is a subcompact hatchback city car produced by General Motors's subsidiary GM Korea.
Chat Trakan is the northernmost district of Phitsanulok Province, central Thailand.
Neoterebra dislocata, common name the eastern auger, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.
Camp W. G. Williams, commonly known as Camp Williams, also known as Army Garrison Camp Williams, is a National Guard training site operated by the Utah National Guard. It is located south of Bluffdale, west of Lehi, and north of Saratoga Springs and Cedar Fort, approximately 25 miles south of Salt Lake City, straddling the border between Salt Lake County and Utah County in the western portion of the Traverse Mountains. Camp Williams is also home to the Non-Commissioned Officer's Basic Leader Course, which is taught to Active, National Guard, and Reserve components.
The Kokra is a river of Slovenia. Originating in the Karawanks, the river is 34 km long. It flows into the Sava in Kranj.
Under röd flagg was a weekly magazine published in Sweden in 1891 by Hinke Bergegren. Bergegren acted as the editor and publisher of the magazine. Nine issues were published from March to June 1891. Under röd flagg sought to bring together writers from the political peripheries of the Social-Democratic Party. Articles in the publication contained Marxist, anarchist and anarchist communist ideas. Under röd flagg was the first periodical to introduce a detailed account of anarchist thought in Sweden, for example through texts of Peter Kropotkin, Leo Tolstoy, Élisée Reclus and Swedish anarchists.
The West Anglia Main Line is one of the two main lines from Liverpool Street, the other being the Great Eastern Main Line to Ipswich and Norwich. It runs generally north through Cheshunt, Broxbourne, Harlow, Bishop's Stortford and Audley End to Cambridge, with branches serving Stratford, Hertford and Stansted Airport. The line runs along the boundary between Hertfordshire and Essex for much of its length.
Marcus was the son of the East Roman or Byzantine general and usurper Basiliscus, and Zenonis. He was acclaimed Caesar in 475 and later promoted to Augustus, ruling as junior co-emperor to his father. When Zeno reoccupied Constantinople in late August 476, Marcus, with his parents, took refuge in a church. Zeno promised not to spill their blood, so he exiled them to Limnae in Cappadocia and subsequently starved them to death.
Sebastian was King of Portugal from 11 June 1557 to 4 August 1578 and the penultimate Portuguese monarch of the House of Aviz.
Pont-Audemer is a commune in the Eure department in the Normandie region in northern France. On 1 January 2018, the former commune of Saint-Germain-Village was merged into Pont-Audemer.
The Victory Bridge or Haghtanak Bridge is an arch bridge for traffic linking across the Hrazdan River in Yerevan, Armenia. It connects the Mashtots Avenue in the east with the Admiral Isakov Avenue in the west. It was opened on 25 November 1945 and named the Victory Bridge to commemorate the Soviet victory over Nazi Germany at the end of World War II.
Henty is a town in south western Victoria, Australia. The town is located in the Shire of Glenelg local government area, 373 kilometres west of the state capital, Melbourne.
Mårten Boström is a Finnish orienteering competitor and long-distance runner. He won a gold medal in sprint at the 2013 World Orienteering Championships in Vuokatti. He reached the podium in the junior race at the Nordic Cross Country Championships in 2001, taking the bronze. He received a bronze medal in sprint at the 2004 European Orienteering Championships in Roskilde. He received a silver medal in the classic distance at the 2001 Junior World Orienteering Championships, and a bronze medal in the relay event in 2000.
Thung Salaeng Luang National Park is a 1,262 km² national park in Phitsanulok and Phetchabun Provinces of Thailand. It encompasses substantial portions of Wang Thong and Lom Sak Districts.
Tovmas Terzian was an Armenian poet, playwright, and professor.
Marshallia is a genus of plants in the sunflower tribe within the daisy family.
HMS Melampus was an Apollo-class protected cruiser of the Royal Navy which served from 1890 to 1910.
The 2007 Batna bombing took place on 6 September 2007 in Batna, a town in Batna Province, eastern Algeria.
Yoon Young-kwan is a South Korean academic and politician, who was the Foreign Minister of South Korea in 2003.
"Inverness is a historic plantation house and national historic district located near Burkeville, Nottoway County, Virginia. In its present form the house is a five-bay, two story, gable-roofed, ""L""-shaped frame-and-weatherboard I-house set above a high basement, with exterior end chimneys. The original section of the house was built about 1800, and raised to two stories in the early-19th century. A large, two-story, two-room wing was added about 1845, forming the ""L""-shape. Around 1895 a crude, two-story kitchen wing, was attached to the 1845 wing, and side porches were added. A Classical Revival monumental portico with four Doric order columns and a small second-floor balcony, was installed across the three center bays of the front facade about 1907. Also on the property are a contributing 20th century frame and cement-block dairy barn, and a 20th-century frame milk shed.
Powhatan is a town in Lawrence County, Arkansas, United States, along the Black River. The population was 72 at the 2010 census, up from 50 at the 2000 census.
Queen's University of Belfast was a university constituency of the Parliament of Northern Ireland from 1921 until 1969. It returned four MPs, using proportional representation by means of the single transferable vote. In 1969 the constituency was abolished by the under reforms carried out by the Prime Minister of Northern Ireland Terence O'Neill.
Norther was a Finnish melodic death metal band from Espoo, Finland. The band broke up in 2012.
San Martín is a department in northern Peru. Most of the department is located in the upper part of the Peruvian Amazon rainforest. Its capital is Moyobamba and the largest city in the department is Tarapoto.
The Philippine creepers or rhabdornises are small passerine birds. They are endemic to the Philippines. The group contains a single genus Rhabdornis with three species. They do not migrate, other than to make local movements.
Kevin Möhwald is a German professional footballer who plays for Werder Bremen as a midfielder.
The Kia Sephia is a compact car that was manufactured by the South Korean automaker Kia Motors from September 1992 to 2003.
Gongzhufen Station is an interchange station on Line 1 and Line 10 of the Beijing Subway.
Inner Constance is a summit of the Olympic Mountains and is located in Jefferson County of Washington state. It's located near the eastern edge of Olympic National Park on the Olympic Peninsula. At 7,667 feet high, Inner Constance is the fifth highest peak of the Olympic Mountains, after Mount Olympus, Mount Deception, Mount Constance, and Mount Johnson. Its nearest higher peak is Mount Constance at 0.9 mi to the east. Within this nearly mile-wide separation resides a deep glacially carved canyon called Avalanche Canyon. Precipitation runoff on the north side of the peak drains into tributaries of the Dungeness River, whereas the south side drains into tributaries of the Dosewallips River.
Vallesa de la Guareña is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2015 census, the municipality has a population of 106 inhabitants.
Summerton is a town in Clarendon County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 1,000 at the 2010 census.
Sudo Station is a railway station in the city of Fuji, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Gakunan Railway.
Calvary Banská Štiavnica is a late-Baroque calvary, architectural and landscape unit in Slovakia, unique in extent and content, formed in the years 1744–1751.
The Church of Saint Matthew is a Baroque church of Palermo. It is located in the main street of the city, the ancient Cassaro, in the quarter of the Loggia, within the historic centre of Palermo.
"Gladwyne Historic District is a national historic district located at Gladwyne in Lower Merion Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. It encompasses 57 contributing buildings in the historic core of Gladwyne known as ""Merion Square."" It includes mainly mill or farm workers' dwelling. They are predominantly 2 1/2-story, two bay stuccoed stone structures dated to the early- to mid-19th century. Notable buildings include the Guard House Inn, ""War Office"", and Gladwyne Library.
Johann Ernst I, Duke of Saxe-Weimar, was a duke of Saxe-Weimar.
Éric Perrin is a former Canadian professional ice hockey centre that last played for JYP Jyväskylä in the Finnish Liiga. As of December 2017, he is the highest scoring foreign player in the history of Liiga.
Aero Caribbean Flight 883 was a domestic scheduled passenger service from Port-au-Prince, Haiti to Havana, Cuba with a stopover in Santiago de Cuba. On 4 November 2010, the ATR 72 operating the route crashed in the central Cuban province of Sancti Spíritus, killing all 61 passengers and 7 crew members aboard.
Lyncina carneola, common name the carnelian cowrie, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.
Delias madetes is a butterfly in the family Pieridae.It was described by Frederick DuCane Godman and Osbert Salvin in 1878. It is found in the Australasian realm.
Rethymno is the third biggest city of Crete island. It is in the north of Crete between Heraclion and Chania, the other big cities of Crete. Rethymno has 54,900 people. Rethymno has a big port and a beautiful old town and Castle. Today in Rethymno there is a university for literature studies.
Alfred Moore Waddell was an American politician and white supremacist. A member of the Democratic Party, he served as a U.S. representative from North Carolina between 1871 and 1879 and as mayor of Wilmington, North Carolina from 1898 to 1906.
Dolichopoda is a genus of cave crickets in the tribe Dolichopodaini, subfamily Dolichopodainae. They are distributed in the Mediterranean basin in southern Europe and western Asia.
William Brickly Stokes was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives from Tennessee. He also served as colonel of the 5th Regiment Tennessee Volunteer Cavalry during the American Civil War.
Ilkley Toy Museum in Ilkley, West Yorkshire, houses a private collection of toys dating from 350 BC to modern times, and is open to the public, schools, and groups.
Codi Tyree Miller-McIntyre is an American professional basketball player for Partizan of the ABA League. Miller-McIntyre played four years of college basketball for Wake Forest University.
Carcharhinus is the type genus of the family Carcharhinidae, the requiem sharks. One of 12 genera in its family, it contains over half of the species therein. It contains 35 extant and eight extinct species to date, with likely more species yet to be described.
"Kenneth Wayne ""Ken"" Howard is an American author, ordained minister of the Episcopal Church in the Diocese of Washington, and thought leader in church planting and post-partisan Christian unity."
The M240, officially the Machine Gun, 7.62 mm, M240 or unofficially the M240 Bravo, is the US military designation for the FN MAG, a family of belt-fed, gas-operated medium machine guns that chamber the 7.62×51mm NATO cartridge.
Norbornadiene is a bicyclic hydrocarbon and an organic compound. Norbornadiene is of interest as a metal-binding ligand, whose complexes are useful for homogeneous catalysis. It has been intensively studied owing to its high reactivity and distinctive structural property of being a diene that cannot isomerize. Norbornadiene is also a useful dienophile in Diels-Alder reactions.
Sarah Mukethe Kiatine, better known by her stage name Monski, is a Kenyan hip hop rapper, singer and songwriter. She was crowned as the Unkut Hip-hop Award best female artist of the year in 2019.
Manzese is an administrative ward in the Kinondoni district of the Dar es Salaam Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 66,866.
"The Cadillac Fleetwood is a model of luxury car that was manufactured by the Cadillac division of General Motors between 1976 and 1996. The ""Fleetwood"" name was previously used as a prefix on several of Cadillac's models dating back to 1935. Four door cars bearing the name ""Fleetwood"" generally had longer wheelbases than Cadillac's more common Series 62 and DeVille models.
Eric Everard is the CEO and Founder of the Brussels-based company Easyfairs, which is currently ranked by AMR International as the world’s 18th largest exhibition organizer. In 2018 Easyfairs was named as Belgium’s Enterprise of the Year. The award was presented by Belgium’s Prime Minister at a special ceremony on 15 October 2018. In addition to organising events, the company manages exhibition venues in Belgium, Sweden and the Netherlands. The newest of these, Åbymässan, was opened near Gothenburg in February 2019.
The General William Jenkins Worth Monument is a granite obelisk by James G. Batterson, installed in Manhattan's Worth Square, in the U.S. state of New York.
Joe Bruin is the official mascot of UCLA and is often found with Josephine Bruin, a female brown bear. He is a visible and constant on-field presence at UCLA sporting events.
The Holden–Parramore Historic District is a U.S. historic district located in Parramore neighborhood of west-central Orlando, Florida. The district is roughly bounded by W. Church Street, S. Division Avenue, Long Street, McFall Avenue, and S. Parramore Avenue.
Lakeview Square Mall is an enclosed shopping mall serving the city of Battle Creek, Michigan. It opened in 1983 and features no anchor stores. Previous anchor stores at the mall included Sears, J. C. Penney, Macy's, and Gilmore Brothers. Other major tenants include Barnes & Noble, Shoe Dept. Encore, and Dunham's Sports. The mall is managed by GK Development.
Quincampoix is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in north-western France.
Reliance is a town in Lyman County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 191 at the 2010 census.
Marine Hotel was one of the former landmark of the Molenvliet, a 17th-century built canal located in Batavia, the Dutch East Indies. Marine Hotel was located at the south end of Molenvliet West, approximately at the location of the old building of Bank Tabungan Negara. The building has been demolished.
Gegharkunik is a province of Armenia. Its capital is Gavar. Gegharkunik was named after Gegham. Gegham was a Haykazuni King and the fifth generation after Hayk. Geghama mountains and Geghama lake, now called Lake Sevan, were named after Gegham.
Chania is one of the four regional units of Crete; it covers the westernmost quarter of the island. Its capital is the city of Chania. Chania borders only one other regional unit: that of Rethymno to the east. The western part of Crete is bounded to the north by the Cretan Sea, and to the west and south by the Mediterranean Sea. The regional unit also includes the southernmost island of Europe, Gavdos.
The Burmese peacock softshell turtle is a species of softshell turtle in the Trionychidae family. It is one of five species in the genus Nilssonia.
Kreuth is a municipality in the district of Miesbach in Bavaria in Germany.
The 4th Composite Group is an inactive United States Army Air Corps unit. It was last was assigned to the United States Army Philippine Department at Nichols Field, Commonwealth of the Philippines. It was disbanded on 1 November 1941.
St James's Palace is the most senior royal palace in the United Kingdom. It gives the name, Court of St James's, to the monarch's royal court and is located in the City of Westminster in London. Although no longer the principal residence of the monarch, it is the ceremonial meeting place of the Accession Council, the office of the Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps, and the London residence of several minor members of the royal family.
Loudrefing is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Benton County is a county in the East Central part of the U.S. state of Minnesota. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 38,451. Its county seat is Foley.
Thymosin  is a peptide fragment derived from prothymosin alpha, a protein that in humans is encoded by the PTMA gene.
Hinzenburg is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
The Dormition Cathedral in Vladimir was a mother church of Medieval Russia in the 13th and 14th centuries. It is part of a World Heritage Site, the White Monuments of Vladimir and Suzdal.
Kaku Station is a railway station in ita City, ita Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Kyushu and is on the Kyudai Main Line.
Niklas Friberg is a Finnish professional footballer who plays for TPS, as a defender.
The 2018 Trofeo Alfredo Binda-Comune di Cittiglio was the 20th running of the Trofeo Alfredo Binda, a women's cycling race in Italy. It was the third event of the 2018 UCI Women's World Tour season and was held on 18 March 2017. The race started in Gavirate and finished in Cittiglio, on the outskirts of Lago Maggiore in Northwest Italy.
Stadtschlaining is a town in the district of Oberwart in the Austrian state of Burgenland. The Burg Schlaining, built by Henry I Kszegi, is located there, which hosts the Austrian Study Centre for Peace and Conflict Resolution and the Peace Museum.
Tra Carson is an American football running back who is currently a free agent. He played college football at Texas A&M and was signed by the Cincinnati Bengals as an undrafted free agent in 2016.
Pearl of the Army is a 1916 American silent film serial directed by Edward José. The Pathé-Astra Film Corp movie was made when many early film studio and film producers in America's first motion picture industry were based in New Jersey's Hudson River towns, particularly Fort Lee. The film was thought lost until it was rediscovered, along with 500 other lost films, in Dawson City, in 1978.
Vars is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
U.S. Route 50 or U.S. Highway 50 is a major east–west route of the U.S. Highway system, stretching just over 3,000 miles from Interstate 80 in West Sacramento, California, to Maryland Route 528 in Ocean City, Maryland, on the Atlantic Ocean. Until 1972, when it was replaced by Interstate Highways west of the Sacramento area, it extended to San Francisco, near the Pacific Ocean. The Interstates were constructed later and are mostly separate from this route. It generally serves a corridor south of I-70 and I-80 and north of I-64 and I-40.
The Cordillera Central is part of the Andes in Peru. It extends in a northerly direction approximately between 11º 39’ and 12º 37’S and 75º 30’ and 76º 20’W for about 60 km to 100 km. It contains the Paryaqaqa, Yauyos and Pichqa Waqra mountain ranges. It is located in the Junín Region and in the Lima Region.
J. Adrian Jackson is a Rear Admiral in the U.S. Navy. He is the Deputy Director for the U.S. Central Command.
Hatfield is an unincorporated census-designated place in Luce Township, Spencer County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. Its population was 813 at the 2010 census.
Eucryphia cordifolia, the ulmo, is a species of tree in the family Cunoniaceae. It is found in Chile and Argentina. It is threatened by logging and habitat loss. The natural habitat is along the Andes Range from 38 to 43°S, and up to 700 meters above sea level. It is a very elegant tree with a thick trunk and wide crown and can become over 12 m high. It blooms in February and March, depending on latitude and altitude. The fruit is a capsule about 1.5 cm length.
Odell is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Hood River County, Oregon, United States. Odell was named for an early pioneer, William Odell, a native of Tennessee by way of California, who settled in the area in 1861. The population was 2,255 as of the 2010 census.
This is a discography of Kool Keith, an American recording artist from The Bronx, New York.
Priort station is a railway station in Priort, district of the municipality Wustermark located in the Havelland district, Brandenburg, Germany.
Randvere is a village in Viimsi Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia. It's located about 11 km northeast of the centre of Tallinn, on the coast of Muuga Bay, northwest of the Port of Muuga. As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 1,690.
The Remington Model 760 Gamemaster is a pump-action, centerfire rifle made by Remington Arms from 1952 to 1981. The Model 760 replaced the Model 141 in the product lineup. Being fed by a box magazine freed the design to use more powerful calibers with spitzer bullets. It was succeeded by the Remington Model 7600 series.
Maja Greta Magnusson was a Swedish athlete. She competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in the long jump and 4 × 100 m relay, but failed to reach the finals. She finished fifth-seventh in these events at the 1946 European Athletics Championships. Magnusson won the national long jump title in 1947, 1949, 1952 and 1956.
Dixon is a town in Carbon County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 97 at the 2010 census.
Seneca Creek State Park is a public recreation area encompassing more than 6,300 acres along 14 miles of Seneca Creek in its run to the Potomac River in Montgomery County, Maryland. The park features facilities for boating and fishing as well as trails for hiking, cycling, and horseback riding. It is managed by the Maryland Department of Natural Resources.
Magny-lès-Aubigny is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.
The SandCat is a composite armored vehicle designed by the then Plasan Sasa of Israel. The SandCat, which is presented as a single CamelCase word, was shown publicly for the first time at AUSA during October 2005. The latest models were shown for the first time at Eurosatory 2018. The SandCat is based on a commercial Ford F-Series chassis. Approximately 700 SandCats have been produced since 2004, and while Plasan has never released complete details, these are known to be in service with at least 16 users across five continents, and in a wide variety of roles that range from Police/internal security to combat/patrol.
The River Wensum SSSI is a 'whole river' Site of Special Scientific Interest located on the River Wensum that flows through the English county of Norfolk. The river was designated a SSSI in 1993 and a Special Area of Conservation SAC in 2000. It covers 44 miles of the Upper Wensum from its source close to South Raynham downstream to Hellesdon Mill an area of 971.9 acres.
"Clarence Frederick ""Clarrie"" Tye was an Australian rugby league player who played in the 1910s and 1920s and achieved representative selection for New South Wales."
Hildesheim Ost station at Immengarten in the Hildesheim district of Oststadt is a station on the Hildesheim–Goslar railway in the German state of Lower Saxony.
Trinity High School is a public high school located in Trinity, North Carolina. The school serves about 870 students in grades 9 to 12 in the Randolph County Schools district.
Yko Miyamura is a Japanese actress, voice actress, singer and sound director. Her nickname is Miyam. She played Kazuha Toyama in Detective Conan and Asuka Langley Soryu in Neon Genesis Evangelion.
Manchester Town Hall is a Victorian, Neo-gothic municipal building in Manchester, England. It is the ceremonial headquarters of Manchester City Council and houses a number of local government departments. The building faces Albert Square to the north and St Peter's Square to the south, with Manchester Cenotaph facing its southern entrance.
South Bloomfield is a village in Pickaway County, Ohio, United States. The population was 1,744 at the 2010 census. It has consistently been one of the fastest growing villages in central Ohio.
The 2008 United States Senate elections were held on November 4, 2008, with 35 of the 100 seats in the Senate being contested. Thirty-three seats were up for regular elections; the winners were eligible to serve six-year terms from January 3, 2009 to January 3, 2015, as members of Class 2. There were also two special elections, the winners of those seats would finish the terms that ended January 3, 2013.
The Metropolitan Library System is a public library system consisting of 19 libraries that serves Oklahoma County, Oklahoma. The system serves anyone who lives, attends school, or owns property in Oklahoma County.
Rogerstone railway station is a station on the Ebbw Valley Railway in the community of Rogerstone in Newport, south Wales. The station is situated ½ mile north of the original station on the site of former rail sidings. The station is within the Afon Village housing development. Access to the single-platform station and associated car park is off Lily Way.
Jayaco River is a 14.58 km long river in the Dominican Republic province of Monseñor Nouel. A part of the Yuna River watershed, the river originates in Hoyo Redonda within the Cordillera Central mountain range.
"Universalist National Memorial Church is a Unitarian Universalist church located at 1810 16th Street, Northwest in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington, D.C.. Theologically, the church describes itself as ""both liberal Christian and Universalist"". Originally a member of the Universalist Church of America, it became a member of the Unitarian Universalist Association in 1961 when the former merged with the American Unitarian Association to form the UUA, and in 2003, UNMC strengthened its ties to the UUA."
Fanny Segers is a French professional squash player. As of December 2018, she was ranked number 180 in the world.
Gowrie House is a heritage-listed villa at 112 Mary Street, East Toowoomba in the Toowoomba Region of Queensland, Australia. It was designed by architect Henry James Marks and built c. 1901. It is also known as Largo. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 25 August 2000.
The Norwegian Museum of Travel and Tourism is a museum located in Sogndal in Vestland county, Norway. The main aim of the museum is to exhibit the history of tourism in Norway from the beginning of the boom in the 19th century, and until today. It is a unit of Museums of Sogn og Fjordane.
"The British Rail Class 55 is a class of diesel locomotive built in 1961 and 1962 by English Electric for British Rail. They were designed for the high-speed express passenger services on the East Coast Main Line between Edinburgh and London King's Cross. They gained the name ""Deltic"" from the prototype locomotive, DP1 Deltic, which in turn was named after its Napier Deltic power units.
South Peterboro Street Commercial Historic District is a national historic district located at Canastota in Madison County, New York. The district contains 20 contributing buildings, including the separately listed US Post Office-Canastota. the buildings were built between about 1870 and 1930 and are largely two and three story attached brick rows set close to the street.
"National City Lines, Inc. was a public transportation company. The company grew out of the Fitzgerald brothers' bus operations, founded in Minnesota, United States in 1920 as a modest local transport company operating two buses. Part of the Fitzgerald's operations were reorganized into a holding company in 1936, and later expanded about 1938 with equity funding from General Motors, Firestone Tire, Standard Oil of California and Phillips Petroleum for the express purpose of acquiring local transit systems throughout the United States in what became known as the General Motors streetcar conspiracy. The company formed a subsidiary, Pacific City Lines in 1937 to purchase streetcar systems in the western United States. National City Lines, and Pacific City Lines were indicted in 1947 on charges of conspiring to acquire control of a number of transit companies, and of forming a transportation monopoly for the purpose of ""conspiring to monopolize sales of buses and supplies to companies owned by National City Lines."" They were acquitted on the first charge and convicted on the second in 1949."
Urea, also known as carbamide, is an organic compound with chemical formula CO(NH). This amide has two –NH groups joined by a carbonyl functional group.
Cowichan was a steamship which was operated in British Columbia under the ownership of the Union Steamship Company. Cowichan sank in 1925 following a collision with another ship.
The Reno is a river of northeastern Italy that starts in the Northern Apennines mountain range in Tuscany but flows mainly through the Emilia-Romagna region. It is one of the longest river in Italy.
The Framingham Centre Common Historic District encompasses the historic early center of Framingham, Massachusetts. It is centered on the old town common, which is west of Edgell Road, a short way north of the busy commercial corridor of Massachusetts Route 9. The district includes 28 buildings, among them important early civic structures such as the Village Hall, old Edgell Memorial Library, First Parish Church, and the former Framingham Academy building.
Sergey Yuryevich Tetyukhin is a Russian volleyball player. He was born in Fergana, Uzbekistan. He is 1.97 m tall, and plays as passer-attacker.
IPython is a command shell for interactive computing in multiple programming languages, originally developed for the Python programming language, that offers introspection, rich media, shell syntax, tab completion, and history. IPython provides the following features:
Stahlmann is a Neue Deutsche Härte band that formed in 2008 in Göttingen, Germany
Henning Fritz is a retired German Handball goalkeeper, current entrepreneur, book author and TV expert. Fritz was the first goalkeeper to be named World Player of the Year, in 2004.
Brian Edward Benben is an American actor, best known for his role as Martin Tupper in the HBO comedy television series Dream On, and also known as Sheldon Wallace on ABC medical drama Private Practice.
The Second Townsville General Hospital is a heritage-listed former hospital and now an apartment building at 24 Eyre Street, North Ward, Townsville, City of Townsville, Queensland, Australia. It was designed by Donoghue & Fulton and built from 1945 to 1951. It is also known as North Ward Hospital. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 26 April 1996.
Soil Resources Development Institute or SRDI is an government organization under ministry of agriculture working as a statutory organization that carries out research on soil and surveys on soil quality to improve agriculture in Bangladesh and is located in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Pumping Station No. 2 San Francisco Fire Department Auxiliary Water Supply System was built in 1912. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. The listing included a contributing building and three contributing structures.
The North African white-toothed shrew is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae. It is found on the islands of Ibiza, Sardinia, and Pantelleria in the Mediterranean Sea, in northern Algeria, and in northern Tunisia.
The Odontophrynidae are a family of frogs from southern and eastern South America. This family was first established in 1969 as the tribe Odontophrynini within the very large family Leptodactylidae. Molecular phylogenetics analyses prompted the move of this group to the Cycloramphidae in 2006, before they became recognized as their own family Odontophrynidae in 2011.
An incentive spirometer is a medical device used to help patients improve the functioning of their lungs. It is a simplified spirometer provided to patients who have had any surgery that might jeopardize respiratory function, particularly surgery to the lungs, but also commonly to patients recovering from cardiac or other surgery involving extended time under anesthesia and prolonged in-bed recovery. The incentive spirometer also is issued to patients recovering from pneumonia or rib damage to help minimize the chance of fluid build-up in the lungs. It may be used as well by wind instrument players, who want to improve their air flow.
The rufous-gorgeted flycatcher is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.
"""O Little Town of Bethlehem"" is a Christmas carol.
Dion Keith Jenkins better known mononymously as Dion is an American singer-songwriter and record producer perhaps best known for frequently collaborating with Aftermath Entertainment recording artists The Game, 50 Cent and Young Buck. He has also worked with several other prominent rappers, such as Talib Kweli, Bishop Lamont, 213, Xzibit, and Freeway among many others.
Goosefeld is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Benedikt Löwe is a German mathematician and logician working at the
Hans Michael Elias of Obentraut was a German cavalry general, who fought on the side of the Protestant Union during the Thirty Years' War.
The A1237 road is a road that runs to the west and north of the city of York, England. It forms part of the York Outer Ring Road as either end of the route forms junctions with the A64 to the south-west and east of the city to act as a city distributor. Construction began in 1984 and consisted of three distinct building phases. The road took three years to complete and has been subject since to studies looking to improve traffic flow and reduce accidents. The National Speed Limit for an A Class Road applies.
La Dolfina is an Argentine polo team, founded by Adolfo Cambiaso and Bartolomé Castagnola in 2000, based in the city of Cañuelas, Buenos Aires Province.
Thierry Gerard Audel is a French footballer who plays as a centre back for Brackley Town. He is the cousin of former French footballer Johan Audel.
Charles Fenton Mercer was a nineteenth-century politician, U.S. Congressman, and lawyer from Loudoun County, Virginia.
Smalls Lighthouse stands on the largest of a group of wave-washed basalt and dolerite rocks known as The Smalls approximately 20 miles west of Marloes Peninsula in Pembrokeshire, Wales, and 8 miles west of Grassholm. It was erected in 1861 by engineer James Douglass to replace a previous lighthouse which had been erected in 1776 on the same rock. It is the most remote lighthouse operated by Trinity House.
Saint-Carné is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Gordeyevsky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the twenty-seven in Bryansk Oblast, Russia.
Concepcion, officially the Municipality of Concepcion, is a 6th class municipality in the province of Romblon, Philippines. According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 4,037 people.
Nat Turner's Rebellion was a rebellion of enslaved Black people that took place in Southampton County, Virginia, in August 1831, led by Nat Turner. The insurrectionists killed between 55 and 65 people, at least 51 of whom were white. The rebellion was put down within a few days, but Turner survived in hiding for more than two months afterwards. The rebellion was effectively suppressed at Belmont Plantation on the morning of August 23, 1831.
Simon Thern is a Swedish footballer who plays as a midfielder for IFK Norrköping. He is the son of Jonas Thern, former captain of the Swedish national team.
T’oung Pao, founded in 1890, is a Dutch journal and the oldest international journal of sinology.
Beth Hamedrash Hagodol is an Orthodox Jewish congregation that for over 120 years was located in a historic building at 60–64 Norfolk Street between Grand and Broome Streets in the Lower East Side neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. It was the first Eastern European congregation founded in New York City and the oldest Russian Jewish Orthodox congregation in the United States.
"James Pollock is an American artist living in Pierre, South Dakota. Pollock has been characterized as a painter whose work is a bridge between the abstract and the concrete. His style varies widely, sometimes drawing on the abstract styles reminiscent of artists of the early 20th-century Bauhaus school, characterized by strong lines and bold colors, sometimes resembling ancient cave paintings, and sometimes straightforward renderings of landscapes and objects."" Pollock is an active plein air painter and member of the South Dakota Plein Air Artists movement."
Jean Louis Xavier François Darlan was a French admiral and political figure. He was admiral of the fleet and Chief of Staff of the French Navy in 1939 at the beginning of World War II. After France signed an armistice with Nazi Germany in 1940, Darlan served in the pro-German Vichy regime, becoming its deputy leader for a time. When the Allies invaded French North Africa in 1942, Darlan was the highest-ranking officer there, and a deal was made, giving him control of North African French forces in exchange for joining their side. Less than two months later he was assassinated.
"Thais is a 1917 American silent drama film produced by Samuel Goldwyn, and based on the 1890 novel Thaïs by Anatole France. This film featured opera prima donna Mary Garden, making her film debut at the then-lavish weekly salary of US$15,000. Other cast members include Lionel Adams, Crauford Kent, and Charles Trowbridge. This film is considered ""one of the most colossal flops in movie history, both artistically and financially""."
Kurt St. Thomas is an award-winning filmmaker, radio disc jockey, music video director, and writer. He has worked in radio and the music industry since 1985. During his time at the radio station WFNX in Boston he became acquainted with the band Nirvana, and was the first person to play the album Nevermind on the radio. St. Thomas later interviewed the band for Nevermind It's an Interview and co-authored the book Nirvana: The Chosen Rejects.
Bratsk is a city in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Angara River near the vast Bratsk Reservoir. Population: 246,319; 259,335; 255,705.
Songgang station is a station of Line 6 and Line 11 of the Shenzhen Metro. Line 11 platforms opened on 28 June 2016 and Line 6 platforms opened on 18 August 2020.
Rogowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radowo Mae, within obez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres west of Radowo Mae, 17 km west of obez, and 57 km north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.
Soulmaz Abbasi Azad is an Iranian rower. She competed in the single sculls race at the 2012 Summer Olympics and placed 6th in Final D and 24th overall.
Harry Butler Daft was an English footballer who played for Notts County, with whom he won the FA Cup in 1894, as well as making five appearances as a left winger for the national side. He was also an accomplished first-class cricketer, playing 200 matches for Nottinghamshire between 1885 and 1899.
Kylie Allyssa Strom is an American professional soccer player who is a defender for Spanish Primera División club Atlético Madrid. She played college soccer for Boston University from 2010–2013, and represented the United States in 2014 as a member of the U23 National Team.
Langres is a commune in northeastern France. It is a subprefecture of the department of Haute-Marne, in the region of Grand Est.
Oirase is a town located in Aomori Prefecture, Japan. As of 31 March 2020, the town had an estimated population of 25,149, and a population density of 350 persons per km², in 10,423 households. The total area of the town is 71.96 square kilometres.
"Kikagaku Moyo are a Japanese psychedelic band from Tokyo. The band's name translates to ""geometric patterns."""
Tapay District is one of twenty districts of Caylloma Province in Peru.
Sud-Ouest is a region in Burkina Faso. The capital city is Gaoua.
The Italian Catholic Diocese of Cerreto Sannita-Telese-Sant'Agata de' Goti, in Campania, Italy, has existed since 1986, when the Diocese of Sant'Agata de' Goti was united into the historical Diocese of Telese-Cerreto Sannita. The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Benevento.
Soldier Bazar is a neighborhood in Karachi East district of Karachi, Pakistan. It was previously administered as part of Jamshed Town, which was disbanded in 2011.
Shawano is a city in Shawano County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 9,305 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Shawano County.
Masjid-i-Ala is a mosque located inside the Srirangapatna Fort in Srirangapatna in Mandya District in Karnataka. It was built during the regime of Tipu Sultan during 1786-87. The mosque is located close to the Bangalore Gate and has two minarets. The mosque is built over an elevated platform.
Orrell is an electoral ward in Wigan, England. It forms part of Wigan Metropolitan Borough Council, as well as the parliamentary constituency of Makerfield.
Sandra Lou is a French radio and television presenter.
Sacred Heart High School (Roseville, Michigan) was a Roman Catholic high school in Roseville, MI. It operated under the jurisdiction of the Archdiocese of Detroit.
The Emanuel County Courthouse in Swainsboro, Georgia serves Emanuel County. The current building is the county's eighth courthouse.
The Sachsenring motorsport racing circuit is located in Hohenstein-Ernstthal near Chemnitz in Saxony, Germany. Among other events, it features the annual German motorcycle Grand Prix of the FIM Grand Prix motorcycle racing world championship.
Hautville is a progressive neofolk music project that was formed in 2006 by Leonardo Lonigro and Francesco Dinnella who had already played together in some progressive rock bands. Simona Bonavita later joined the project.
Niles Paul is a former American football tight end. He played college football as a wide receiver at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln and was selected in the fifth round of the 2011 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.
Santo Antônio do Monte is a municipality in the central part of the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil. The population is 27,752 in an area of 1125.78 km². The city is located 194 km west of state capital Belo Horizonte. The city is also known as Samonte.
Pedro Miguel is a freguesia in the northeastern part of the municipality of Horta on the island of Faial in the Azores. Pedro Miguel is located 6 km north of the city of Horta on the main regional road that encircles the island. The population in 2011 was 759, in an area of 14.48 km².
Scarlett's Magic is a leopard-printed Savannah cat, acclaimed by the Guinness World Records as the former world's tallest living domestic cat. She first achieved this record in 2009 when she measured 41.87 centimeters or 16.49 inches from shoulder to toe. One year later, she broke her own record by growing over one additional inch, measuring 45.9 centimeters or 18.07 inches from shoulder to toe. Her international achievement can be seen on page 155 in the 2011 Guinness Book.
Mitsuoka Station is a train station in the city of Komoro, Nagano, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
Nemuro City Museum of History and Nature is a museum-equivalent facility in Nemuro, Hokkaid, Japan. It was established by the City of Nemuro in 2004 and is classed as a general museum, collecting and exhibiting materials relating both to the humanities and the natural sciences.
Matti Steinmann is a Finnish-German professional footballer who currently plays as a central midfielder for A-League club Wellington Phoenix.
Sheridan Lake, a reservoir, is located on Spring Creek in Pennington County, South Dakota. Built over the site of Sheridan, the first county seat, it is owned and operated by the United States Forest Service and is one of the recreational areas of the Black Hills National Forest.
Prescott Prince is an American lawyer and officer in the United States Navy Reserve.
The Chief Justice of the Uttarakhand High Court is the highest presiding judicial officer in the state of Uttarakhand and the custodian of the Uttarakhand High Court. He is appointed by the President of India with the advice of Chief Justice of India and the Governor of Uttarakhand. Ravi Malimath is the current Acting Chief Justice of the Uttarakhand High Court. He assumed office on 28 July 2020.
"Engene Church is a parish church in Arendal municipality in Agder county, Norway. It is located in the village of Nedenes. It is the church for the Øyestad parish which is part of the Arendal prosti in the Diocese of Agder og Telemark. The white, wooden church was originally built in 1849 using designs by the architect Wilhelm Hanstein, however, at that time, it was located in the nearby town of Grimstad and it was called Grimstad Church. In 1881, the town had grown and the church was too small, so it was disassembled and moved to nearby Nedenes and rebuilt in 1882 as the new ""Nedenesengene Church"", but it was later shortened to simply ""Engene Church"". The church seats about 480 people."
George Marshall Ruge is an American film director, producer, writer, second unit director, stunt coordinator, and actor.
The Kostroma is a river in the European part of Russia. It flows through the Kostroma and Yaroslavl Oblasts, and becomes a left tributary of the Volga, which it enters at the Gorky Reservoir, at the city of Kostroma.
Olathe South High School is a public high school located in Olathe, Kansas, United States, serving students in grades 9-12. The school is one of five high schools in the Olathe USD 233 school district. Olathe South High School was recognized as a National School of Excellence for the 1990-91 school year by the U.S. Department of Education, becoming the first high school in Olathe to do so. Olathe South's official colors are blue and gold, and the official mascot is the Falcon. The average annual enrollment at Olathe South is approximately 2,100 students.
Krouna is a municipality and village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic. It has around 1,400 inhabitants.
The Shuo Yuan, variously translated as Garden of Stories, Garden of Persuasions, Garden of Talks, etc., is a collection of stories and anecdotes from the pre-Qin period to the Western Han Dynasty. The stories were compiled and annotated by the Confucian scholar Liu Xiang. In many cases multiple versions of the same story are included, making the book a valuable source for the study of early texts.
"Kathleen Joann Bradley is an American former model, former singer, actress and host. Bradley is primarily known as a ""Barker's Beauty"" on the CBS daytime game show The Price Is Right from 1990 until 2000. Bradley is noted as the first permanent African-American model on the show."
HMS Croome was a Type II Hunt-class destroyer of the Royal Navy. She served during the Second World War, spending much of the time in the Mediterranean, operating from the ports at Gibraltar and Alexandria.
Cynoglossum amabile, the Chinese hound's tongue or Chinese forget-me-not, is a species of flowering plant in the family Boraginaceae, native to Asia. A hardy annual growing to 50 cm, it has hairy leaves and cymes of sky-blue flowers in late summer. This plant, closely related to the common forget-me-not of temperate gardens, is also grown as an ornamental. In cultivation in the UK it has gained the Royal Horticultural Society’s Award of Garden Merit.
Gaetano Sanseverino was an Italian philosopher and theologian. He made a comparative study including the scholastics, particularly Thomas Aquinas, and of the connection between their doctrine and that of the church fathers.
Council City and Solomon River Railroad is an abandoned railroad in the U.S. state of Alaska. Its name refers to Solomon River and the city of Council in the Nome Census Area. The railway operated from 1903 to 1907. The remains of the railroad at Mile 31 of the Nome-Council Highway, comprising three locomotives, two flat cars and a boiler, were listed as an historic district on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
The Achaguas Municipality is one of the seven municipalities that makes up the Venezuelan state of Apure has an area of 15,754 km² and, according to the 2011 census by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela, the municipality has a population of 58,516. The town of Achaguas is the municipal seat of the Achaguas Municipality.
The Nicolaus Copernicus Monument is an outdoor sculpture commemorating and depicting Nicolaus Copernicus, installed along Solidarity Drive outside Chicago's Adler Planetarium, in the U.S. state of Illinois. Bronislaw Koniuszy's replica of Bertel Thorvaldsen's original 1830 sculpture in Warsaw, Poland, was created, installed, and dedicated in 1973. Adler Planetarium erected the monument to mark the 500th anniversary of Copernicus' birth.
Keyingham railway station is a disused railway station on the North Eastern Railway's Hull and Holderness Railway to the north of Keyingham, East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It was opened by the Hull and Holderness Railway on 27 June 1854. The station was closed to passengers on 19 October 1964.
Ståle Kleiberg is a contemporary classical composer and musicologist from Norway.
The Lehigh Valley Silk Mills refers to a collection of mills located in the Lehigh Valley. The industry began in 1881 and thrived throughout the Industrial Revolution. The Lehigh Valley Silk Mills also refers to a specific company that owned the Lipps & Sutton Silk Mill and Warren Mill. The first silk mill in the Lehigh Valley opened in 1881 followed by many others. By 1900, there were twenty-three silk establishments in the Lehigh Valley, making Pennsylvania the second largest producer of silk in the world. The silk industry in Pennsylvania peaked in the late 1920s due to cheap labor, mainly from immigrant workers' children and wives. However, after the Great Depression, increasing labor unrest and competition from other textile industries began to affect the silk industry locally and nationally. By 1953, Allentown had become the number one silk city in the world, but even then, the number of looms had decreased. At the time, only six mills continued to work with silk exclusively. Other mills either shut down due to bankruptcy or shifted to the production synthetic fibers.
Sinapis is a genus of plants in the family Brassicaceae. As of November 2017, six species are recognised by The Plant List:
St Matthew’s Church, Wolverhampton is a parish church in the Church of England in Wolverhampton
Fox Run is a neighborhood in Cranberry Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is among the Township's earliest housing developments, including 320 homes built on a 131-acre site in the late 1960s. It was formerly a census-designated place, but that designation was removed as of TIGER 2013 after Cranberry Township officials pointed out that users of Internet mapping websites had misinterpreted the CDP as the name of its parent municipality.
Kilmory Castle, also known as Kilmory House, is a large 19th-century house located just to the south of Lochgilphead, in Argyll, Argyll and Bute, on the west coast of Scotland. It is currently occupied by the headquarters of Argyll and Bute Council. The gardens are open to the public and form part of a country park on the former estate. The house is protected as a category B listed building.
The Iron Mountains is a mountain range in the Czech Republic, which is a part of the Bohemian-Moravian Highlands. Their location is in the North of the Bohemian-Moravian Highlands. They have an area of 748 km², their average height is 480,8 metres, and their highest peak is Pešava at a height of 697 metres which is located exactly in the Seská Upland, which is part of the Iron Mountains. But other sources state that the highest peak is Vestec, at a height of 668 metres.
Frances Wolff, known professionally as Fran Warren, was an American singer.
Luigi Novarese was an Italian Roman Catholic priest and the co-founder of the Apostolate of the Suffering as well as the Silent Workers of the Cross. Novarese also established the Marian Priest League and the Brothers and Sisters of the Sick; he built several homes for those who were ill and disabled. He served in the Secretariat of State until leaving that position to work alongside the Italian Episcopal Conference and to dedicate more time to the ill and to the work of his orders.
Castle Pinckney was a small masonry fortification constructed by the United States government by 1810, in the harbor of Charleston, South Carolina. It was used very briefly as a prisoner-of-war camp and artillery position during the American Civil War. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
The 1967 Pacific typhoon season has no official bounds; it ran year-round in 1967, but most tropical cyclones tend to form in the northwestern Pacific Ocean between June and December. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northwestern Pacific Ocean.
Alsunga Municipality is a municipality in the historical region of Courland in Latvia. The municipality was formed in 2009 from Alsunga Parish, the administrative centre being Alsunga. The municipality consists of the following villages and settlements: Alsunga, Almle, Balande, Dienvidstacija, Ziedlejas, Brzkalni, Bcmai, Grveri, Rei.
NGC 624 is a barred spiral galaxy in the constellation of Cetus, which is about 264 million light years from the Milky Way. It was discovered on November 28, 1785 by the German-British astronomer William Herschel.
Scythris heinemanni is a flower moth of the family Scythrididae and it is included in the knochella species group. It is found in mainland of France and Italy.
Miami Edison High School is a secondary school located at 6161 NW 5 Ct. in the Little Haiti neighborhood of Miami, Florida, United States. It is part of the Miami-Dade County Public Schools system. Its provost is Leon Maycock.
Laccaria bicolor is a small tan-colored mushroom with lilac gills. It is edible but not choice, and grows in mixed birch and pine woods. It is found in the temperate zones of the globe, in late summer and autumn. L. bicolor is an ectomycorrhizal fungus used as a soil inoculant in agriculture and horticulture.
Harish Chandra Meena is an Indian Politician serving as a Member of Parliament of the 16th Lok Sabha from the constituency of Dausa, Rajasthan. He is a retired Indian Police Service officer of 1976 batch and former Director General of Police. He served as DGP of Rajasthan from March 2009 to December 2013 which is recorded to be IUI the longest tenure of a DGP in Rajasthan. He has also been awarded the 1996 Indian Police Medal and 2002 President Medal.
Michael Anthony Morrison, best known as Michael Wayne, was an American film producer and actor, and the eldest son of Hollywood actor John Wayne and his first wife, Josephine Alicia Saenz.
"Anyang is a city in Gyeonggi Province, South Korea. With a population of approximately 600,000 persons, it is the 20th largest city in South Korea. It is a satellite city of Seoul and located approximately 21 km south of Seoul, and 19 km north of Suwon. It is connected to Seoul via the Seoul Subway Line 1 and Line 4. The City motto of Anyang is ""Livable city, Proud citizens"". City symbols are a grape mascot named 'Podong-i', Forsythia, Ginkgo, and eagles.
The Federal Drug Control Service of the Russian Federation or FSKN was a federal law enforcement agency of executive authority responsible for drafting state policy, legal regulation, control and monitoring in combating trafficking drugs, psychotropic substances, and their precursors. The Federal Drug Control Service of the Russian Federation was specially authorized to address and solve problems relating to traffic in narcotic drugs, psychotropic substances, and their precursors; the Federal Drug Control Service is also authorized to combat the illicit drug trafficking. Commonly was known as The Drugs Police.
Barreiro is a town and a municipality in Setúbal District in Portugal. The population in 2011 was 78,764, in an area of 36.39 km².
"Captain Alfred Edwin ""Eddie"" McKay MC was a Canadian flying ace who flew with the Royal Flying Corps during the First World War."
Ephraim is a city in Sanpete County, Utah, United States. The population was 6,135 at the 2010 census, making it the largest city in Sanpete County.
Israfil Ashurly is an azerbaijani mountaineer, executive secretary of the Ice-Climbing Commission under the UIAA, president of the youth committee UIAA, president of the Azerbaijan Mountaineering Federation, Member of the Presidium of the Euro-Asian Association of Mountaineering and Climbing, judge of the international category in ice climbing, master of sports of the Republic of Azerbaijan.
Orwell is a town in Oswego County, New York, United States. The population was 1,167 at the 2010 census. The town was named after Orwell, Vermont.
Hotel Norton is a historic hotel building located in Norton, Virginia. It was built in 1921, and is a six-story Colonial Revival style building consisting of a cut sandstone base; brick middle a deep stone and wood entablature. The interior features a two-story lobby with a decorative mezzanine level balcony. The hotel was abandoned in the 1970s and 1980s and subsequently acquired by the City of Norton for redevelopment.
The Black Gauntlet: A Tale of Plantation Life in South Carolina is an anti-Tom novel written in 1860 by Mary Howard Schoolcraft, published under her married name of Mrs. Henry Rowe Schoolcraft.
Ratification Day in the United States is the anniversary of the congressional proclamation of the ratification of the Treaty of Paris, begun a year after on January 14, 1784, at the Maryland State House in Annapolis, Maryland by the Confederation Congress.
Urmia (electoral district) is a biggest electoral district in the West Azerbaijan Province of Iran. This electoral district has a population of 936,738 and elects 3 members of parliament. Urmia elections on the basis of ethnicity and religion.
Suzhou District is a district of the city of Jiuquan, Gansu Province in the People's Republic of China. It was an important city in its own right. Today, as the seat of Jiuquan's administration, it is usually marked Jiuquan on maps. Ganzhou and Suzhou.
"The Chrysler New Yorker is an automobile model which was produced by Chrysler from 1940 to 1996, serving for several years as the brand's flagship model. A trim level named the ""New York Special"" first appeared in 1938 and the ""New Yorker"" name debuted in 1939. The New Yorker name helped define the Chrysler brand as a maker of upscale models, priced and equipped above mainstream brands like Ford, Chevrolet/Pontiac, and Dodge/Plymouth, but below full luxury brands like Cadillac, Lincoln and Packard. During the New Yorker's tenure, it competed against upper level models from Buick, Oldsmobile and Mercury. Until its discontinuation in 1996, the New Yorker had made its mark as the longest-running American car nameplate."
Mehdi Khalaji is an Iranian-American writer, scholar of Islamic studies, political analyst and a former Shia cleric. He has been researching at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy since 2005, and is now a senior research fellow focusing on the politics of Iran and Shiite groups in the Middle East. He has frequently contributed to media outlets such as The Guardian, BBC, The Washington Post, and The New York Times. Khalaji is an American citizen.
Rana Abdelhamid is a community organizer and social entrepreneur from Queens, New York. She is the founder of Hijabis of NY. Her work as founder of WISE has led to coverage in AJ+, a L’Oreal award, and features in Teen Vogue, BBC, and HuffPost. WISE is a self-defense, leadership and entrepreneurship program for young women in New York City, other cities in the United States, and internationally.
"John Battiscombe ""J. B."" Gunn, known as Ian or Iain, was a British physicist, who spent most of his career in the United States. He discovered the Gunn effect, which led to the invention of the Gunn diode, the first inexpensive source of microwave power that did not require vacuum tubes. He was born John Battiscombe Gunn, but only used that name in legal documents."
Granger is a town in Sweetwater County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 139 at the 2010 census. It is located near the confluence of the Blacks Fork and the Hams Fork rivers. The geography of the area is flat with semi-arid scrub.
Lasse Sætre is a former speed skater from Norway, who for several years was among the world's best long distance skaters. Sætre who grew up in Nord-Odal competed in the 1998, 2002 and 2006 Olympics, and won a 10,000-m bronze in the 2002 Winter Olympics. He won another 10,000-m bronze in the 2003 World Single Distance Championships. As of December 2006, only seven skaters in the world have 10,000-m results below 13 minutes, and Sætre has twice achieved such results. His personal bests are 38.15, 1:49.36, 6:17.60 and 12:56.85. Sætre is currently one of only four skaters to have skated the 10,000m more than once in a time of under 13 minutes, along with Chad Hedrick, Sven Kramer and Carl Verheijen, and among those four was the second to achieve it.
Coulter is an unincorporated community in South Versailles Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. The community is located along the Youghiogheny River 14.3 miles southeast of Pittsburgh. Coulter has a post office with ZIP code 15028, which opened on April 11, 1864.
The Rench is a right-hand tributary of the Rhine in the Ortenau. It rises on the southern edge of the Northern Black Forest at Kniebis near Bad Griesbach im Schwarzwald. The source farthest from the mouth is that of the Schöngrundbächle which rises at a height of around 915 m above NN in the parish of Zuflucht near the old youth hostel. After flowing through its steep mountainside klinge it is joined by other streams to form, first, the Old, then the Wild Rench, which first becomes the Rench below Bad Griesbach. The Rench runs in a prominent southerly arc through the Central Black Forest and crosses the hilly region of Ortenau with its orchards and vineyards before breaking out into the Rhine Plain. After just under 57 km it discharges, together with the Mühlbach, into the Rhine at 314.7 km between Helmlingen and Lichtenau.
"Hang Day Stadium, also known as Hanoi Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium in Hanoi, Vietnam. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 22,500 spectators. In the period from 2000 to 2003, the stadium was called Hanoi Stadium. On April 24, 2003, the historic name ""Hàng y"" was restored.
"The Lexus LFA is a two-seat sports car manufactured by Lexus, the luxury car division of Toyota. It is the second model in the F marque line of performance vehicles from Lexus, following the IS F. Three concept versions were unveiled, each debuting at the North American International Auto Show with the LF-A designation as part of the LF Series concept line. After beginning development in the early 2000s, the first LF-A concept premiered in 2005, followed in 2007 by a second concept with a more completely furnished interior and exterior. The third version of the LF-A, featuring a roadster bodystyle premiered in 2008. The production model, trademarked LFA, was unveiled at the Tokyo Motor Show in October 2009. According to Lexus, the ""A"" in production LFA name stands for the ""Apex"" of the LF line of cars.
Stephen Wayne Mintz is an American former professional baseball pitcher and current pitching coach for the Down East Wood Ducks. He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball for the San Francisco Giants and the Anaheim Angels.
"The Chinese Immigration Act of 1885 was a Canadian Act of Parliament that placed a head tax of $50 on all Chinese immigrants entering Canada. It was based on the recommendations published in the Royal Commission on Chinese Immigration in 1885. Assented on 20 July 1885, the intention of the Act was stated explicitly in its heading: ""to restrict and regulate Chinese immigration into Canada."" It followed the U.S. Chinese Exclusion Act, which was passed in 1882."
Triembach-au-Val is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Taputapuatea is a commune of French Polynesia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean. The commune of Taputapuatea is located on the island of Raiatea, in the administrative subdivision of the Leeward Islands, themselves part of the Society Islands. At the 2017 census it had a population of 4,792. In 2017 Taputapuatea along with Taputapuatea marae were inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage Sites list.
Wayanad Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 20 Lok Sabha constituencies in Kerala state in southern India.
Alberta Provincial Highway No. 62, commonly referred to as Highway 62, is a 52-kilometre north–south highway in southern Alberta, Canada that connects Highway 5 in Magrath to the Canada–United States border south of Del Bonita. It continues as Montana Secondary Highway 213 in the United States.
Mannheim-Heidelberg International Filmfestival, often shortened to IFFMH, is an annual film festival held jointly by the cities of Mannheim and Heidelberg in Baden-Württemberg. The festival was established in 1952.
Poecilia mexicana, commonly known as the shortfin molly or Atlantic molly, is a species of poeciliid fish native to fresh and brackish water in Mexico and Guatemala. One population is found in caves and known as the cave molly.
Yampil Raion is one of the 33 regions of Vinnytsia Oblast, located in southwestern Ukraine. The administrative center of the raion is the town of Yampil. Population: 40,939
Mitterndorf an der Fischa is a town in the district of Baden in Lower Austria in Austria. It is located 20 kilometers southeast of Vienna.
Ottringham railway station is a disused railway station on the North Eastern Railway's Hull and Holderness Railway to the north of Ottringham, East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
Sigmar Polke was a German painter and photographer.
Union Chapel is an historic octagon-shaped church building in Oak Bluffs, on Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts. The church was built in 1870 as a non-sectarian worship space in an area dominated by the Methodist summer camp meeting known as Wesleyan Grove. Acquired in 2002 by the nonprofit Martha's Vineyard Preservation Trust, the building continues to be used for nonsectarian religious services, and also serves as a community center and performing arts space.
Dutugamunu, was a Sinhalese king of Sri Lanka who reigned from 161 BC to 137 BC. He is renowned for defeating and overthrowing Ellalan, the usurping Tamil prince from the Chola Kingdom, who had invaded the Kingdom of Rajarata in 205 BC. Dutugamunu also expanded and beautified the city of Anuradhapura and projected the power of his native Rajarata region across the island of Sri Lanka.
"The Plaza is a historic apartment building located at Indianapolis, Indiana. It was built in 1907, and is a three-story, ""U""-shaped, glazed orange brick and grey limestone building. It features a full facade Renaissance Revival style entrance with Ionic order columns and polygonal bay windows on the upper stories.
"Aphonopelma johnnycashi is a species of tarantula. It was found in 2015 near Folsom Prison in California, and named after Johnny Cash, whose song, ""Folsom Prison Blues"", made it famous. Mature males are generally black, and the country music singer was also known as ""The Man in Black""."
Highland Hills is a village in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. The population was 1,130 at the 2010 census. It was formally incorporated in 1990.
Roche's Point Lighthouse is situated at the entrance to Cork Harbour, Ireland. A lighthouse was first established on 4 June 1817 to guide ships into Cork Harbour. The original tower was deemed too small and in 1835 was replaced by the larger present tower which is 49 feet high with a diameter of 12 feet.
Arpaillargues-et-Aureillac is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Tranebjerg is a town, situated at the centre of the South Island of Samsø in Denmark. It is the largest town on Samsø and also the municipal seat of Samsø Municipality.
The African Studies Centre is a scientific institute in the Netherlands that undertakes social-science research on Africa with the aim of promoting a better understanding of historical, current and future social developments in Sub-Saharan Africa. The centre is an interfaculty institute of Leiden
Sea kraits are a genus of venomous elapid sea snakes, Laticauda. They are semiaquatic, and retain the wide ventral scales typical of terrestrial snakes for moving on land, but also have paddle-shaped tails for swimming. Sea kraits are often confused with another group of aquatic reptiles, the sea snakes. However, unlike the fully aquatic ovoviviparous sea snakes, sea kraits are oviparous and must come to land to digest prey and lay eggs. They also have independent evolutionary origins into aquatic habitats, with sea kraits diverging earlier from other Australasian elapids. Thus, sea kraits and sea snakes are an example of convergent evolution into aquatic habitats within the Hydrophiinae snakes. Sea kraits are also often confused with land kraits, which are not aquatic.
Charles Graham Adam is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
The Khmelnytskyi Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant in Netishyn, Khmelnytskyi, Ukraine. The plant is operated by Energoatom. Two VVER-1000 reactors are operational, each generating 1000 MW of electricity. Construction of the first reactor started in 1981 and the first unit was put in operation in late 1987. Construction of the second reactor started in 1983 with plans to finish it in 1991. In 1990, however, construction was stopped as part of a moratorium on new plant construction. Construction was completed only in August 2004 after the moratorium was lifted.
Northumberland County is an upper tier level of municipal government situated on the north shore of Lake Ontario, east of Toronto in Central Ontario.
1207 Ostenia, provisional designation 1931 VT, is a stony Eoan asteroid from the outer region of the asteroid belt, approximately 23 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 15 November 1931, by German astronomer Karl Reinmuth at Heidelberg Observatory in southwest Germany, and named for amateur astronomer Hans Osten.
Ryan-ji is a Zen temple located in northwest Kyoto, Japan. It belongs to the Myshin-ji school of the Rinzai branch of Zen Buddhism. The Ryan-ji garden is considered one of the finest surviving examples of kare-sansui, a refined type of Japanese Zen temple garden design generally featuring distinctive larger rock formations arranged amidst a sweep of smooth pebbles raked into linear patterns that facilitate meditation. The temple and its gardens are listed as one of the Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto, and as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
The Altemberg is a mountain in the Pennine Alps of north-western Italy; with an elevation of 2,395 m is the highest peak of the Alpi Cusiane.
Saint Mary's College is a voluntary secondary school located in Mullingar, County Westmeath, Ireland. It officially opened its doors to students in October 1856, and is the oldest post-primary school in the town. It is based partly in the Hevey Institute, and elsewhere in extensions which were built in the 1970s and early 2000s. The school is a member of the Edmund Rice Schools Trust, which is a network of Catholic secondary schools in Ireland. It is primarily a boys' school, and has been since the day it opened, however, the repeat Leaving Certificate class is co-educational. The school is located adjacent to Cathedral of Christ the King, which opened in 1939 on the site of a former church and chapel, a co-educational primary school and is also located across from the local Garda Síochána station serving the town of Mullingar, and the surrounding hinterland.
Artilleriyskiy Tyagach Sredniy - 59, or ATS-59 was a Soviet Cold War era artillery tractor. Some models used an T-55 engine., such as the ATS-59G.
Sir James Allanson Picton was an English antiquary and architect who played a large part in the public life of Liverpool. He took a particular interest in the establishment of public libraries.
Noyant-de-Touraine is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Robert Frederic Schenkkan Jr. is an American playwright, screenwriter, and actor. He received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1992 for his play The Kentucky Cycle and his play All the Way earned the 2014 Tony Award for Best Play. He has three Emmy nominations and one WGA Award.
The Digital Compact Cassette was a magnetic tape sound recording format introduced by Philips and Matsushita in late 1992 and marketed as the successor to the standard analog Compact Cassette. It was also a direct competitor to Sony's MiniDisc, but neither format toppled the then-ubiquitous analog cassette despite their technical superiority, and DCC was discontinued in October 1996.
The 2007–08 Tottenham Hotspur season was the club's 16th season in the Premier League, their 29th successive season in the top division of the English football league system and their 125th year overall.
Lappeenranta is a city and municipality situated on the shore of the lake Saimaa in southeastern Finland, about 30 kilometres from the Russian border. It belongs to the region of South Karelia. With approximately 73,000 inhabitants Lappeenranta is the 13th largest city in Finland, after incorporating the previous municipalities of Lappee and Lauritsala in 1967, Nuijamaa in 1989, Joutseno in 2009, and Ylämaa in 2010.
Christoph von Sigwart was a German philosopher and logician. He was the son of philosopher Heinrich Christoph Wilhelm Sigwart.
Lesley Hawker is a Canadian former competitive figure skater. She is the 2003 Winter Universiade bronze medallist, the 2003 Nebelhorn Trophy silver medallist, and a two-time Canadian national bronze medallist.
Xiuhtezcatl Martinez, also known as Xiuhtezcatl Roske-Martinez, is an American environmental activist and hip hop artist. Martinez is the youth director of Earth Guardians, a worldwide conservation organization.
"The National Flag Anthem of the Republic of China, also unofficially known as the ""National Banner Song"", is a patriotic song typically played during the raising and lowering of the flag of the Republic of China, commonly known as Taiwan. Domestically, the flag anthem is typically played immediately following the National Anthem of the Republic of China during flag ceremonies. It is also played at international sporting events such as the World Baseball Classic and Olympic Games, where Taiwan participates officially under the name of Chinese Taipei. The song is thus considered to be effectively a secondary national anthem; Taiwanese citizens stand when it is performed and salute it as they would salute the national anthem."
Tabriz Cable Bridge, officially calls Ettehad-e-Melli, is a cable-stayed bridge flanked by 29 Bahman Metro Station at the eastern entrance of Tabriz, capital of East Azerbaijan province, Iran. It is the biggest cable-stayed bridge in Iran with a total length of 113 meters and width of 32 meters.
Mount Ulandra is a mountain with an elevation of 761 metres AHD that is located within the Ulandra Nature Reserve in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales, Australia.
The inauguration of Hassan Rouhani as the 7th President of Iran took place on two rounds, first on Saturday 3 August 2013 whereby he received his presidential precept from Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei and entered to the Sa'dabad Palace, official residence of the president in a private ceremony. The second was on the next day with sworn in for the office in the Parliament of Iran. This marked the commencement of the four-year term of Hassan Rouhani as president and his vice president. The event was awaited with some expectation, since for the first time foreign guests participated in the ceremony. The oath of office was administered by Chief Justice, Sadeq Larijani.
Mgureni is a commune in Prahova County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Cocortii Caplii, Lunca Prahovei and Mgureni. At the 2002 census, 6630 inhabitants were counted, all but three of whom were ethnic Romanians. 97.3% of inhabitants were Romanian Orthodox, and 2.6% were Adventist.
Joachim Gotsche Giæver was a Norwegian born, American civil engineer who designed major structures in the United States.
John Hessin Clarke was an American lawyer and judge who served as an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court from 1916 to 1922.
St. Andrew's Episcopal Church is located at North Main and Madison avenues in Albany, New York, United States. It is a complex of three buildings, centered on the church itself, a stone structure designed by architect Norman Sturgis in the Late Gothic Revival architectural style and built in 1930. In 2005 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
"The Cheshire Cat is a fictional cat popularised by Lewis Carroll in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and known for its distinctive mischievous grin. While now most often used in Alice-related contexts, the association of a ""Cheshire cat"" with grinning predates the 1865 book. It has transcended the context of literature and become enmeshed in popular culture, appearing in various forms of media, from political cartoons to television, as well as in cross-disciplinary studies, from business to science. One distinguishing feature of the Alice-style Cheshire Cat involves a periodic gradual disappearance of its body, leaving only one last visible trace - its iconic grin."
The Luzon montane forest mouse is a species of rodent in the family Muridae, from the genus Apomys.
Wessex Trains was a train operating company in the United Kingdom owned by National Express that operated the Wessex Trains franchise from October 2001 until March 2006, when the franchise was merged with the Great Western and Thames Valley franchises to form the Greater Western franchise.
Patricia Falco Beccalli is a freelance moderator, executive media coach and writer. For over 14 years she was a financial journalist and anchor of CNBC TV based in London. Moving on to Germany, she reported daily from the Frankfurt stock exchange on business and financial markets for many international studios of the CNBC network. She also reported for the German television station N24. Prior to CNBC she worked for the Italian broadcaster RAI 3 in Rome.
Lugan is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.
Nicholas Davies is a British investigative journalist, writer and documentary maker.
Clark is a city in and county seat of Clark County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 1,139 at the 2010 census.
The Balara Filters Park is a 60-hectare park located in the Diliman village of Pansol in Quezon City, Metro Manila, Philippines, adjacent to the University of the Philippines Diliman main campus. It is bounded by Katipunan Avenue on the west, Capitol Hills Golf and Country Club on the north, and the upscale, gated village of La Vista along its south and east.
Altamura is a town and comune of Apulia, in southern Italy. It is located on one of the hills of the Murge plateau in the Metropolitan City of Bari, 45 kilometres southwest of Bari, close to the border with Basilicata. As of 2017, its population amounts to 70,595 inhabitants.
Kryštofovy Hamry is a village and municipality in Chomutov District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.
Hurricane Alex was one of the northernmost major hurricanes on record, and whose formation marked the fifth-latest start to a season on record. The first named storm, the first hurricane, and the first major hurricane of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, Alex developed from the interaction between an upper-level low and a weak surface trough on July 31 to the east of Jacksonville, Florida. It moved northeastward, and strengthened to attain winds of 100 mph before passing within 10 miles of the Outer Banks coast. Alex strengthened further and reached a peak of 120 mph winds while off the coast of New England, one of only six hurricanes to reach Category 3 status north of 38° N. Alex caused a scare of a hurricane-force direct hit in the Outer Banks of North Carolina, which had been devastated by Hurricane Isabel less than a year earlier.
The Othain is a 67-kilometre long river in the Meurthe-et-Moselle and Meuse départements, northeastern France. Its source is at Gondrecourt-Aix, in the Woëvre. It flows generally northwest. It is a left tributary of the Chiers into which it flows between Villécloye and Montmédy.
Fremont County is one of the 64 counties in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2010 census, the population was 46,824. The county seat is Cañon City. The county is named for 19th-century explorer and presidential candidate John C. Frémont.
Euxanthe is a genus of butterflies in the subfamily Charaxinae.
Luis Severino is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher for the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball. He made his MLB debut in 2015. After a rough 2016 season, he broke out as one of the league's best pitchers in 2017, being named an All-Star and finishing third in the American League Cy Young Award vote. He was also named an All-Star in 2018. He missed most of the 2019 season due to shoulder injuries.
The Battle of Khanwa was fought near the village of Khanwa, in Bharatpur District of Rajasthan, on March 16, 1527. It was fought between the invading forces of the first Mughal Emperor Babur and the Rajput forces led by Rana Sanga of Mewar, after the Battle of Panipat. The victory in the battle consolidated the new Mughal dynasty in India.
Star Hall is a historic building in Moab, Utah. It was built in 1905-1906 by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints for the Moab Ward after Bishop Randolph H. Stewart and second counselor Orlando W. Warner purchased the land from Leonard Leonidas Crapo, and it was designed in the Richardsonian Romanesque style. The building was later acquired by the Grand County School District. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since May 14, 1993.
Kingwood is a city in and the county seat of Preston County, West Virginia, United States, Founded in 1815, Kingwood is part of the Morgantown, WV Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 2,939 at the 2010 census. Kingwood is home to the West Virginia Zoo.
"Nanette Fabray was an American actress, singer, and dancer. She began her career performing in vaudeville as a child and became a musical-theatre actress during the 1940s and 1950s, acclaimed for her role in High Button Shoes and winning a Tony Award in 1949 for her performance in Love Life. In the mid-1950s, she served as Sid Caesar's comedic partner on Caesar's Hour, for which she won three Emmy Awards, as well as appearing with Fred Astaire in the film musical The Band Wagon. From 1979 to 1984, she played Katherine Romano, the mother of lead character Ann Romano, on the TV series One Day at a Time. She also appeared as the mother of Christine Armstrong in the television series ""Coach.""
Nabo Gass is a German painter and glass artist. He is counted among the artists who show innovative perspective in their association with glass.
Blooming Grove is a town in Orange County, New York. The population was 18,028 at the 2010 census. It is located in the central part of the county, southwest of Newburgh.
The Huaco River is a river of Argentina.
The Thaliacea comprise a class of marine animals within the subphylum Tunicata. Unlike their benthic relatives the ascidians, thaliaceans are free-floating for their entire lifespan. The group includes species with complex life cycles with both solitary and colonial forms.
Julius Dreschfeld FRCP was a leading British physician and pathologist.
Rita Schwarzelühr-Sutter is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party who serves as a member of the German Bundestag and as Parliamentary State Secretary in Chancellor Angela Merkel's third and fourth cabinet. Schwarzelühr-Sutter is an outspoken advocate and expert for sustainable development and nuclear safety, recognized both nationally and internationally.
Phyllobius pyri, the Common Leaf Weevil, is a species of broad-nosed weevil belonging to the family Curculionidae subfamily Entiminae.
Pericarditis is inflammation of the pericardium. Symptoms typically include sudden onset of sharp chest pain, which may also be felt in the shoulders, neck, or back. The pain is typically less severe when sitting up and more severe when lying down or breathing deeply. Other symptoms of pericarditis can include fever, weakness, palpitations, and shortness of breath. The onset of symptoms can occasionally be gradual rather than sudden.
David Henry Ward is a broadcast journalist in Houston, Texas. He was an anchor of the weekday 6:00 pm newscast on KTRK-TV's Eyewitness News in Houston, Texas for more than 50 years. He joined KTRK-TV in 1966 as reporter and photographer and was promoted to his final position as weekday evening anchor in 1968, and is the longest running news anchor in American television, surpassing the late Hal Fishman in 2015.
Plestiodon callicephalus, commonly known as the mountain skink, is a species of lizard, a medium-sized member of the Plestiodon skinks, endemic to North America.
Kiyama Station is a railway station in the town of Wakasa, Mikatakaminaka District, Fukui Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company.
Kilton Castle is a ruined castle overlooking the valley of Kilton Beck, near to the village of Kilton in the historic county of the North Riding of Yorkshire in England. The castle was built in the 12th century and was described as being in a ruinous state by the 14th century, with it being totally abandoned by the 16th century. Kilton Castle was owned by several noble families who hailed from the area; de Brus, de Kilton, Autrey, de Thweng, de Lumley.
Mertert is a commune and town in eastern Luxembourg, on the border with Germany. It is part of the canton of Grevenmacher. The commune consists of the towns of Mertert and Wasserbillig. Mertert has a river port on the Moselle, the largest in Luxembourg. The commune's administrative centre is Wasserbillig.
Vaduz Castle is the palace and official residence of the Prince of Liechtenstein. The castle gave its name to the town of Vaduz, the capital of Liechtenstein, which it overlooks from an adjacent hilltop.
Johnny Pulado Estrada III is an American former professional baseball catcher, who played in Major League Baseball for the Philadelphia Phillies, Atlanta Braves, Arizona Diamondbacks, Milwaukee Brewers, and Washington Nationals.
The Forbidden Team is a 2003 Danish documentary film directed by Rasmus Dinesen and Arnold Krøjgaard. The leading cast consists of association football trainers Jens Espensen and Michael Nybrandt, the Tibet national football team and at the conclusion the Greenland national football team. Star-part is being played by the 14th Dalai Lama.
The Municipality of Ribnica is a municipality in southern Slovenia. The seat of the municipality is the town of Ribnica. It is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Mackinac Island Airport is a public use airport in Mackinac County, Michigan, United States. It is located one nautical mile northwest of downtown Mackinac Island, Michigan in the center of Mackinac Island. The airport is owned by Mackinac Island State Park Commission. It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021, in which it is categorized as a basic general aviation facility.
Faujdarhat K. M. High School is a secondary school in Faujdarhat, Sitakunda Upazila, Chittagong District, Bangladesh. It is situated at the side of the Faujdarhat Market. It was established in 1956. The area of the institution is 160 shatak. There are about 1500 students and 40 teachers in this school.
China–Russia relations, also known as Sino-Russian relations, refers to international relations between the People's Republic of China and the Russian Federation. Diplomatic relations between China and Russia dramatically improved after the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the establishment of the Russian Federation in 1991. American scholar Joseph Nye argues:
Patrol Squadron FIVE is a long-lived maritime patrol squadron of the United States Navy. It is the second squadron to bear the VP-5 designation. VP-5 is the second oldest patrol squadron, the fourth oldest in the United States Navy, and the 33rd oldest squadron in the United States military. As of 2019, VP-5 is still active and is based at Naval Air Station Jacksonville, Florida.
Gafuriysky District is an administrative and municipal district, one of the fifty-four in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia. It is located in the center of the republic and borders with Arkhangelsky District in the north, Beloretsky District in the east, Ishimbaysky District in the south, Sterlitamaksky District in the southwest, Aurgazinsky District in the west, and with Karmaskalinsky District in the northwest. The area of the district is 3,038.02 square kilometers. Its administrative center is the rural locality of Krasnousolsky. As of the 2010 Census, the total population of the district was 33,869, with the population of Krasnousolsky accounting for 35.4% of that number.
Longdendale is an electoral ward of Tameside, England. It is represented in Westminster by Jonathan Reynolds Labour Co-operative MP for Stalybridge and Hyde.
Procoptodon is a genus of giant short-faced kangaroo living in Australia during the Pleistocene epoch.
Atharvan was a legendary Vedic sage of Hinduism who along with Angiras is supposed to have authored the Atharvaveda. He is also said to have first instituted the fire-sacrifice or yagna. Sometimes he is also reckoned among the seven seers or Saptarishi. His clan is known as the Atharvanas. Atharvan married Shanti, daughter of Kardama rishi, and had a great sage Dadhichi as a son.
The Métropole du Grand Paris is an administrative structure for cooperation covering the City of Paris and its nearest surrounding suburbs. The métropole came into existence on January 1, 2016 and comprises 131 communes, including the City of Paris, all 123 communes in the surrounding inner-suburban departments of the Petite Couronne, plus seven communes in two of the outer-suburban departments, including the communes of Argenteuil in Val-d'Oise, and Paray-Vieille-Poste in Essonne, the latter of which covers part of Orly Airport. Part of the métropole comprised the Seine department, which existed from 1929 to 1968. Grand Paris covers 814 square kilometers and has a population of 7 million.
Maria Josefa Carmela of Spain was a Princess of Naples and Sicily by birth. At the accession of her father to the Spanish throne as Charles III, she became an Infanta of Spain. Born and raised in Naples, she arrived in Spain with her family in October 1759, at age fifteen. She lived at the court of her father and later with her brother Charles IV of Spain. She remained unmarried.
Fontaines-en-Sologne is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Daniel James Metzger is an American professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Memphis 901 FC in the USL.
Solar Wreath is a 1997 sculpture by American artist Larry Kirkland, located on the third floor of the Central Library in Portland, Oregon. Funded by public and private donations funneled through the advocate and support group Friends of the Multnomah County Library, the abstract suspended gilded ring measures 9 feet, 4 inches x 12 feet and is made of aluminum and brass or gold leaf.
"Alfred Frederik ""Fred"" Eefting is a retired Dutch swimmer. He competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics in four events and finished sixth in the 100 m backstroke, fifth in the 200 m backstroke and seventh in the 4 × 100 m medley relay. Between 1977 and 1982 he won a national title in the 100 m backstroke and set several dozen national records in various backstroke, freestyle and medley disciplines."
Club Factory is a fashion, beauty and lifestyle e-commerce store headquartered in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China. It was created by Jiayun Data Technology, a Chinese company, in the year 2014.
The governor general of Canada is the federal viceregal representative of the Canadian monarch, currently Queen Elizabeth II. The Queen, as a political sovereign, is shared equally both with the 15 other Commonwealth realms and the 10 provinces of Canada, but she physically resides predominantly in her oldest and most populous realm, the United Kingdom. The Queen, on the advice of her Canadian prime minister, appoints a governor general to carry out most of her constitutional and ceremonial duties. The commission is for an unfixed period of time—known as serving at Her Majesty's pleasure—though five years is the normal convention. Beginning in 1959, it has also been traditional to rotate between anglophone and francophone officeholders—although many recent governors general have been bilingual. Once in office, the governor general maintains direct contact with the Queen, wherever she may be at the time.
Sloane Avenue Mansions is a high-rise residential building in Sloane Avenue, Chelsea, London, England. It stands next to Nell Gwynn House, designed by the same architect.
Novocherkasskaya is a station on the Pravoberezhnaya Line of Saint Petersburg Metro, opened on December 30, 1985. Until 1992, it was known as Krasnogvardeyskaya.
Island Davaar or Davaar Island is located at the mouth of Campbeltown Loch off the east coast of Kintyre, in Argyll and Bute, Scotland. It is a tidal island, linked to the mainland by a natural shingle causeway called the Dhorlin near Campbeltown at low tide. The crossing can be made in around 40 minutes.
Kakepuku rises from the plain between the Waipa and Puniu rivers, about 3 km NW of Te Kawa and 8 km SW of Te Awamutu in the Waikato region of New Zealand's North Island.
Cline Falls State Scenic Viewpoint is a state park near Redmond, Oregon, United States. It is located on the Deschutes River. The park covers 9 acres. It is administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department.
"The First Men in the Moon is a scientific romance by the English author H. G. Wells, originally serialised in The Strand Magazine from December 1900 to August 1901 and published in hardcover in 1901, who called it one of his ""fantastic stories"". The novel tells the story of a journey to the Moon undertaken by the two protagonists: a businessman narrator, Mr. Bedford; and an eccentric scientist, Mr. Cavor. Bedford and Cavor discover that the Moon is inhabited by a sophisticated extraterrestrial civilisation of insect-like creatures they call ""Selenites""."
Tassenières is a commune in the Jura department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Félix Dujardin was a French biologist born in Tours. He is remembered for his research on protozoans and other invertebrates.
Cocullo is a comune and town in the Province of L'Aquila, located in the Abruzzo region of Italy. As of 2013 its population was of 246.
Raincheval is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Adam Parfrey was an American journalist, editor, and the publisher of Feral House books. Parfrey co-founded Amok Press with Kenneth Swezey in New York in 1987. Amok's first release was an English translation by Joachim Neugroschel of Joseph Goebbels's novel Michael.
Paracentral lobule is on the medial surface of the hemisphere and is the continuation of the precentral and postcentral gyri. The paracentral lobule controls motor and sensory innervations of the contralateral lower extremity. It is also responsible for control of defecation and urination.
The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached the U.S. state of Arkansas in March 2020. The first case in Arkansas was reported on March 11, 2020, in Pine Bluff, Jefferson County.
The Kronach–Nordhalben railway also known as the Rodach Valley Railway in the Franconian Forest in Germany is a single-tracked branch line from Kronach via Steinwiesen to Nordhalben with a total length of 24.88 km.
Serra da Canastra National Park is a national park in the Canastra Mountains of the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil.
Bengt Anderberg was a Swedish poet, novelist, editor and playwright.
Loštice is a town in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic. It has around 3,100 inhabitants.
Coogee is a southern coastal suburb of Perth, Western Australia, located within the City of Cockburn.
Ichchapuram railway station is a railway station on Khurda Road–Visakhapatnam section, part of the Howrah-Chennai main line under Khurda Road railway division of East Coast Railway zone. It is situated at Ichchapuram in Srikakulam district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
"The finback catsharks are a small family, the Proscylliidae, of ground sharks. They can be found in warm seas worldwide and are often the most numerous and common shark in tropical regions. They are generally less than 1 m in length, and are slow-moving predators that feed on bony fish and small invertebrates. Although some bear live young, the majority lay eggs with almost fully developed young; these egg cases, known as ""mermaid's purses"", are unique in appearance to each species."
Argyle County was one of the original Nineteen Counties in New South Wales and is now one of the 141 Cadastral divisions of New South Wales. It includes the area around Goulburn. It is bounded by Lake George in the south-west, the Shoalhaven River in the east, and the Wollondilly River in the north-east.
Mutnovsky is a complex volcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia. It is one of the most active volcanoes of southern Kamchatka; the latest eruption was recorded in 2000. At the foot of the Mutnovsky lies a geyser field, popularly known as the Lesser Valley of Geysers.
Microstomus is a genus of righteye flounders native to the North Pacific and Northeast Atlantic oceans.
Yosef Govrin is an Israeli Diplomat who served in Israel's Foreign Service between 1953 and 1995. He was Ambassador to Romania. He’s also served as Ambassador to Austria, Slovenia, Slovakia and the United Nations in Vienna.
The Brite Ranch raid was an incident that occurred on Christmas day 1917, in which Mexican raiders crossed the Rio Grande border and attacked a ranch in Presidio County, Texas. At the time the raiders were thought to be Villistas, as they were responsible for several other previous incursions into American territory, though other accounts say that some Carrancistas were involved as well. During the raid the Mexicans murdered three people, robbed a general store and rode back to Chihuahua under pursuit by a motorized posse and troops of the United States Army 8th Cavalry. The Americans fought a running battle with the Mexicans on December 26 that resulted in the deaths of several raiders and the recovery of some stolen property, but another more violent episode was directly caused by the raid when on January 27, 1918, a force of Texas Rangers executed 15 Mexicans in what became known as the Porvenir Massacre.
The 1973 Monaco Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at Monaco on 3 June 1973. It was race 6 of 15 in both the 1973 World Championship of Drivers and the 1973 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers.
Pygoctenucha terminalis, the blue-green lichen moth, is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Francis Walker in 1854. It is found in Mexico and in the United States in eastern Colorado, New Mexico and southeastern Arizona.
Les Ponts-de-Martel is a municipality of the district of Le Locle in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.
Frenaros is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus. In 2011, it had a population of 4,298.
The 12th Space Warning Squadron is a United States Air Force ground-based radar used for missile warning, missile defense, and space situation awareness, stationed at Thule Air Base, Greenland.
Muhammad III as-Sadiq GCB was the Husainid Bey of Tunis from 1859 until his death. Invested as Bey al-Mahalla on 10 June 1855, he succeeded his brother Muhammad II ibn al-Husayn on 23 September 1859. Named as divisional General in the Imperial Ottoman Army on 10 June 1855, he was promoted to the rank of Marshal on 10 December 1859.
Henry Hugh Shelton is a former United States Army officer who served as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff from 1997 to 2001.
The Order of Muhammad, also referred to as Order of Sovereignty, is the highest state decoration of the Kingdom of Morocco. The Order was instituted on 16 November 1956 by King Mohammed V of Morocco, who reigned between 1955 and 1961.
Boudry District is one of the six districts of the canton of Neuchâtel, Switzerland. It has a population of 40,701. The district capital is the town of Boudry.
Preševo is a town and municipality located in the Pinja District of southern Serbia. It is the southernmost town in Serbia and largest in the geographical region of Preševo Valley.
The Toba Line is a railway line operated by the Japanese private railway company Kintetsu Railway, connecting Ujiyamada Station in Ise, Mie with Toba Station in Toba, Mie. The line runs parallel to JR Central's Sang Line.
The First Transjordan attack on Amman and to their enemy as the First Battle of the Jordan took place between 21 March and 2 April 1918, as a consequence of the successful Battle of Tell 'Asur which occurred after the Capture of Jericho in February and the Occupation of the Jordan Valley began, during the Sinai and Palestine Campaign of World War I. During the First Transjordan attack large incursions into Ottoman territory occurred. Firstly the Passage of the Jordan River, was successfully captured between 21 and 23 March, followed by the first occupation of Es Salt in the hills of Moab between 24 and 25 March. The First Battle of Amman took place between 27 and 31 March when the Anzac Mounted Division and the Imperial Camel Corps Brigade were reinforced by two battalions of 181st Brigade followed by a second two battalions from the 180th Brigade and artillery. The Fourth Army headquarters located in Amman was strongly garrisoned and during the battle received reinforcements on the Hejaz railway, the strength of which eventually forced the attacking force to retire back to the Jordan Valley between 31 March and 2 April.
"Rakshasa is a supernatural being in Hindu mythology. As this mythology influenced other religions, the rakshasa was later incorporated into Buddhism. Rakshasas are also called ""man-eaters"". A female rakshasa is known as a rakshasi. A female rakshasi in human form is a rakshesha. The terms asura and rakshasa are sometimes used interchangeably."
"The Hok Kolorob Movement or the 2014 Jadavpur University student protest, was a four-month long series of protests by the students of Jadavpur University in Kolkata, India that began on 3 September 2014. The term ""Hok Kolorob"" was originally the title of a song by Bangladeshi singer Arnob and began to be used as a hashtag on Facebook.
Fargues is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
One City Center is an office tower complex and former shopping mall in St. Louis, Missouri.
Antonin Claude Dominique Just de Noailles, 7th Prince of Poix then 4th Spanish Duke of Mouchy, 3rd French Duke of Mouchy and Duke of Poix, was a French politician.
Betula pumila is a deciduous shrub native to North America. Bog birch occurs over a vast area of northern North America, from Yukon in the west to New England in the east and all the way to Washington and Oregon, inhabiting swamps and riparian zones in the boreal forests.
Candor is a town in Montgomery County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 840 at the 2010 census. Candor is the home of the North Carolina Peach Festival, which is held every year on the third Saturday of July. The town's welcome sign reads: Welcome to Candor. Peach Capital.
NGC 7069 is a Lenticular galaxy located about 400 million light-years away in the constellation of Aquarius. NGC 7069 is also classified as a LINER galaxy. NGC 7069 was discovered by astronomer Albert Marth on October 12, 1863.
Cheiragonidae is a small family of crabs, sometimes called helmet crabs, placed in its own superfamily, Cheriagonoidea. It comprises three extant species, Erimacrus isenbeckii, Telmessus acutidens and Telmessus cheiragonus, there are no yet evidences of Cheiragonidae in the fossil record. Many of these crabs were formerly treated as members of the Atelecyclidae.
Leccinum duriusculum is a bolete mushroom in the genus Leccinum. Originally called Boletus duriusculus by Hungarian–Croatian mycologist Stephan Schulzer von Müggenburg in 1874, it was transferred to Leccinum by Rolf Singer in 1947.
RaumZeitLabor is a hackerspace operated by non-profit association RaumZeitLabor e. V. in the city of Mannheim, Germany.
"Brownsfield Mill, Binns Place, Great Ancoats Street, Manchester, England, is an early nineteenth century room and power mill constructed in 1825. Hartwell describes it as ""unusually complete and well preserved."" It is a Grade II* listed building. The building housed the Avro, A.V. Roe and Company aviation factory in the early twentieth century."
Laval-en-Brie is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Bitot's spots are the buildup of keratin located superficially in the conjunctiva of human's eyes. They can be oval, triangular or irregular in shape. The spots are a sign of vitamin A deficiency and associated with drying of the cornea. In 1863, the French physician Pierre Bitot first described these spots.
"Pan de Azúcar National Park is a national park of Chile. The park straddles the border between the Antofagasta Region and the Atacama Region. Its name, Parque Nacional Pan de Azúcar, means ""sugar loaf national park""."
Ketakeshwar Dewal is a holy site in the Ketakibari area of Tezpur in Assam, India. It is reputed to have one of the largest Shivalingas in the world.
"Wilhelm ""Willy"" Kernen was a Swiss footballer.
"James Edwin ""Ted"" Meredith was an American athlete, winner of two gold medals at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
"The Qingshui Temple also known as Tsushih Temple or the ""Divine Progenitors Temple"" is a temple in dedicated to the god Qingshui Zushi, a Northern Song dynasty Buddhist monk who is said to have saved a town from a drought. The temple is located in the Wanhua District of Taipei City, Taiwan. The temple is often called ""the most characteristic example of mid-Qing temple architecture."""
Kristin Inga Thompson-Benedict is a retired road bicycle racer. She competed at the 1984, 1988 and 1992 Olympics with the best result of eighth place in 1988. She won silver medals at the world championships in 1987, 1990 and 1991, and placed third at the Tour de France in 1986 and 1989. Nationally she won United States National Road Race Championships in 1987, 1988, 1990, 1991 and 1993.
Martine Brochard is a French actress and writer.
Mount Horeb is a village in Dane County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 7,009 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Ras Tabouda is a commune in Sefrou Province, Fès-Meknès, Morocco. At the time of the 2004 census, the commune had a total population of 6516 people living in 1202 households.
Glina is a town in central Croatia, located southwest of Petrinja and Sisak in the Sisak-Moslavina County. It lies on the eponymous river of Glina.
Aaron Kaufman is an American television personality and owner of Arclight Fabrication, a Dallas enterprise that supplies aftermarket components for the Ford F-100 pickup.
The Midland Railway Class 3 4-4-0 was a series of 80 steam engines built by the Midland railway at the Derby locomotive works between 1900 and 1905.
Pery Burge was an English artist who, during the 2000s, worked with abstract images using ink in water or ink on paper, invoking natural processes such as surface tension driven flow, gravity, turbulence, rotation and erosion.
The 904th Military Airlift Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 459th Military Airlift Wing at Stewart Air Force Base, New York, where it was inactivated on 31 December 1969.
Jesús Aldo de Nigris Guajardo is a Mexican retired footballer and current assistant manager of Monterrey.
High Bridge is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Jessamine County, Kentucky, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 242. It lies along the lower reaches of the Kentucky River across from the confluence of the Dix River with the Kentucky. The community is part of the Lexington–Fayette Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Joliette station is a Montreal Metro station in the borough of Mercier–Hochelaga-Maisonneuve in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It is operated by the Société de transport de Montréal and serves the Green Line. It is located in the district of Hochelaga-Maisonneuve. The station opened on June 6, 1976, as part of the extension of the Green Line to Honoré-Beaugrand station.
The Triumph 1300 is a medium/small 4-door saloon car that was made between 1965 and 1970 by Standard Triumph in Coventry, England, under the control of Leyland Motors. It was introduced at the London Motor Show in October 1965 and intended as a replacement for the popular Triumph Herald. Its body was designed by Michelotti in a style similar to the larger Triumph 2000. It was replaced by the Triumph 1500, though it was also re-engineered in the early 1970s to provide the basis for the Toledo and Dolomite ranges.
"Matthew Adam Nathanson is an American singer-songwriter whose work is a blend of folk and rock and roll music. In addition to singing, he plays acoustic and electric guitar, and has played both solo and with a full band. His work includes the platinum-selling song ""Come On Get Higher"". One of his hit songs, ""Giants"", was the opening music for the 2016 World Series of Poker in Las Vegas on ESPN."
The Buckingham House is a historic brickhouse in Sevierville, Tennessee, U.S.. Built in 1795 by Thomas Buckingham, the first sheriff of Sevier County, it is the oldest house in the county. It was designed in the Federal architectural style. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Division of Lingiari is an Australian electoral division in the Northern Territory.
Stanley is a train station in Stanley, North Dakota served by Amtrak's Empire Builder line. The platform, tracks, and wooden depot are owned by BNSF Railway. It was originally a Great Northern Railway station that was a replacement for an earlier one, which is now a private residence.
South Gifford is a village in Macon County, Missouri, United States. The population was 50 at the 2010 census.
Shamita Shetty is an Indian Bollywood actress and interior designer. She made her debut with the blockbuster Mohabbatein in 2000. Her portrayal of Ishika earned her the IIFA Award for Star Debut of the year. She was a contestant in the reality show, Bigg Boss in 2009. She later participated in Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa and Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi in 2019 and became one of the finalists.
Pressignac is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
The Genesee Arch Bridge is a steel arch railroad bridge over the Genesee River in Letchworth State Park, Livingston County, New York. It is the third bridge at this location: the original timber bridge burned in 1875 and was replaced by an iron bridge, which lasted until 2017.
Irene Cruz is a photographer, director of photography and video artist. She is fully dedicated to photography in various fields: video art, cinema, as well as teaching. Her works have been presented in festivals, fairs and also, individual/group exhibitions around the world, as at the Paris' Tokyo Palais, Círculo de Bellas Artes or the Palacio de Cibeles, The KunstHalle or the Deutsche Oper, Project Art Space, MUA or Da2. She currently lives in Berlin, Germany, where she takes advantage of the closeness to nature and the light of the north to incorporate them into her work.
Memento Mori was a Swedish band that is mainly doom metal but has some power metal influences. The band was founded by Messiah Marcolin and Mike Wead in 1992 after Messiah left Candlemass. After two albums, however, Messiah left the band; the third album was sung by a different singer. For the fourth album, Messiah returned. After that album, the band broke up. All albums were released by Black Mark.
Panzerballett is a Munich quintet led by guitarist, composer and arranger Jan Zehrfeld. Their musical style is best described as jazz-metal.
Hossein Fereydoun is an Iranian politician. Fereydoun is brother and aide to the President Hassan Rouhani, described as his “eyes and ears” in the negotiations leading to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action.
The Grand Trunk station was a historic railroad station in Oxford, Maine. The station was built in 1883 by the Grand Trunk Railroad linking Oxford with Montreal and Portland, Maine. The village grew especially after the arrival of the St. Lawrence & Atlantic Railroad toward the end of 1840. The railroad opened the village to several business ventures between Portland and Montreal. The railroad passes through the midst of the town, in the same general line with the river, and has a station a short distance south of the centre.
Peteinosaurus was a prehistoric genus of Pterosaur. It lived in the late Triassic period in the late Norian age, and at a wingspan of around 60 cm, was one of the smallest and earliest Pterosaurs.
The Mud House is a historic home located at Penfield in Monroe County, New York. It is a 1 ¹-story, 24-by-38-foot rectangular earthen building with gable roof. It was constructed about 1836 of clay, puddled with straw, and then rammed into forms above a fieldstone foundation and is a rare surviving example of rammed-earth construction.
Mel was a comune in the province of Belluno in the Italian region of Veneto, located about 170 kilometres north of Venice and about 14 kilometres southwest of Belluno and about 16 kilometres northeast of Feltre.
"Sakichi Toyoda was a Japanese inventor and industrialist. He was born in Kosai, Shizuoka. The son of a farmer and sought-after carpenter, he started the Toyoda family companies. His son, Kiichiro Toyoda, would later establish Japan's largest automaker, Toyota. Toyoda is referred to as the ""King of Japanese Inventors"".
Nishibukuro Station is a railway station located in the town of Shnai, Yamagata Prefecture, Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company.
The Alpina B5 and D5 (G30) are a series of high performance executive cars manufactured by German Automobile manufacturer Alpina. Introduced at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show, the car is the third generation of the B5 and succeeds the Alpina B5. Based on the BMW 5 Series (G30), the car is available in both saloon and wagon bodystyles.
Redirect to:
NGC 4066 is an elliptical galaxy located 340 million light-years away in the constellation Coma Berenices. The galaxy was discovered by astronomer William Herschel on April 27, 1785. NGC 4066 is a member of the NGC 4065 Group.
Woolwich Town Hall is an early 20th-century town hall located in the historic Bathway Quarter in the centre of Woolwich, South East London. Until 1965 it was the seat of local government of the Metropolitan Borough of Woolwich, after which it became the main seat of the London Borough of Greenwich. It is a rare example of an Edwardian Baroque town hall in London and is a Grade II*-listed building.
Chrastavice is a village and municipality in Domažlice District in the Plze Region of the Czech Republic.
Aignan is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
USS Toledo (CA-133) was a Baltimore-class heavy cruiser of the United States Navy active during the Korean War.
"Claire Martin, CC OQ FRSC was the pseudonym of the Canadian writer Claire Montreuil. She wrote mainly in French. Her novels often have themes of women's liberation and erotic relationships. Martin frequently revealed her devotions toward the ""Frenchness"" and Quebec nationalism as saying ""I prefer to be of Quebec."" or ""I feel closer to love as a French-Canadian."" In her works, Quebec and French-Canadian are portrayed as well-educated and living well. Martin focused her writing style on risks and illnesses of love, and wrote with prejudice and social conventions. Her works are characterized by purity and crafty use of language."
Puszczew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wrczyca Wielka, within Kobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres south-west of Wrczyca Wielka, 15 km south-west of Kobuck, and 62 km north of the regional capital Katowice.
The masseteric artery is small and passes laterally through the mandibular notch to the deep surface of the masseter muscle, which it supplies.
Daan Disveld is a Dutch professional footballer playing as a right back for TEC in the Dutch Tweede Divisie.
Matthew Rosenfeld, known as Moxie Marlinspike, is an American entrepreneur, cryptographer, and computer security researcher. Marlinspike is the creator of Signal, co-founder of the Signal Foundation, and currently serves as the CEO of Signal Messenger. He is also a co-author of the Signal Protocol encryption used by Signal, WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, Skype, and Allo, responsible for the largest deployment of consumer end-to-end encryption.
Henniker is a census-designated place (CDP) and the main village in the town of Henniker in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States. The population of the CDP was 1,747 at the 2010 census, out of 4,836 in the entire town of Henniker. The CDP is the home to New England College.
Ochakov was a Kara-class cruiser of the Russian Navy Black Sea Fleet. She was decommissioned in 2011 but remained laid-up in Sevastopol, until on 3 March 2014 she was towed and sunk as a blockship in the channel to Donuzlav lake, in Novoozerne, in western Crimea. A few months later she was refloated and returned to Inkerman to await scrapping.
The Supreme Court of New Zealand is the highest court and the court of last resort of New Zealand. It formally came into being on 1 January 2004 and sat for the first time on 1 July 2004. It replaced the right of appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, based in London. It was created with the passing of the Supreme Court Act 2003, on 15 October 2003. At the time, the creation of the Supreme Court and the abolition of appeals to the Privy Council were controversial constitutional changes in New Zealand. The Act was repealed on 1 March 2017 and superseded by the Senior Courts Act 2016.
Kullu Dussehra is the renowned International Mega Dussehra festival observed in the month of October in Himachal Pradesh state in northern India. Wherein more than 4-5 lac people visits the fair from all across the Globe. It is celebrated in the Dhalpur maidan in the Kullu valley. Dussehra at Kullu commences on the tenth day of the rising moon, i.e. on 'Vijay Dashmi' day itself and continues for seven days. Its history dates back to the 17th century when local King Jagat Singh installed an idol of Raghunath on his throne as a mark of penance. After this, god Raghunath was declared as the ruling deity of the Valley. The State government has accorded the status of International festival to the Kullu Dussehra, which attracts tourists in large numbers.
Kéknyel is a white Hungarian wine grape planted primarily in the Badacsony wine region near Lake Balaton. The grape produces full bodied, smokey wines.
This is the complete discography of English singer-songwriter Kate Bush.
William Sutton is an American football defensive tackle who is a free agent. He was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the third round of the 2014 NFL Draft. He played college football at Arizona State.
Al Markhiya is a neighborhood of Doha, Qatar. It is one of the later-developed areas of northern Doha. The district hosts three awsaq al-furjan complexes, which are part of a development project by the government to host all commercial establishments in centralized areas.
Great Dunmow is an historic market town and civil parish in the Uttlesford district of Essex, England. It is situated on the north of the A120 road, approximately midway between Bishop's Stortford and Braintree, 6 miles east of London Stansted Airport.
Crocin is a carotenoid chemical compound that is found in the flowers crocus and gardenia. Crocin is the chemical primarily responsible for the color of saffron.
The Alexandra Ladies' Club is an historic building in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.
Palaiseau is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located 16.9 km from the centre of Paris. Palaiseau is a sub-prefecture of the Essonne department and the seat of the Arrondissement of Palaiseau.
Varaldsøy is an island in the municipality of Kvinnherad in Vestland county, Norway. The 45.4-square-kilometre island is the largest island in the Hardangerfjorden. Most of the inhabitants live on the southern tip of the island in the village of Varaldsøy, where Varaldsøy Church is located. The 600-metre tall mountain Øyefjellet is the highest point on the island.
Musashi-Masuko Station is a railway station on the Itsukaichi Line in Akiruno, Tokyo, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
Niklas Stark is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Hertha BSC.
Hastings is a town in Metropolitan Melbourne on the Mornington Peninsula, Victoria, Australia. It is a part of the urban enclave on Western Port comprising Hastings, Bittern, Crib Point, Tyabb, and Somerville. Its local government area is the Shire of Mornington Peninsula. It is served by Hastings railway station on the Stony Point greater-metropolitan line.
The No.6-class submarine was the first class of submarines of the Imperial Japanese Navy built domestically in Japan. Consisting of two vessels, these submarines were highly modified versions of Holland-class vessels designed in the United States.
Dan Peder Clemens Ekborg is a Swedish stage and film actor. He is the son of actor Lars Ekborg and older brother of actor Anders Ekborg.
Copper Center is a census-designated place on the Copper River in Valdez-Cordova Census Area, Alaska, United States. It is two hundred miles northeast of Anchorage. At the 2010 census the population was 328, down from 362 in 2000.
The Kintetsu 6820 series is a commuter electric multiple unit train type operated by the private railway operator Kintetsu since 2002.
Bochum Hauptbahnhof is a railway station for the city of Bochum in western Germany. In its current incarnation, it was built from 1955 to 1957 and is one of the most notable 1950s railway stations in Germany.
Balakan is a rayon of northwestern Azerbaijan, located between Georgia and Russia. It borders Kakheti of Georgia to south and west and Dagestan of Russia to east and north. There is an Azerbaijan-Georgia border crossing at Postbina in the rayon that is open to both local residents and foreigners.
Wilhelmina Carolina Gravallius, née Isaksson, was a Swedish writer.
Eslohe is a municipality in the Hochsauerland district, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
"The 3rd Battalion, 16th Field Artillery Regiment is a field artillery battalion assigned to the 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Cavalry Division. Carrying the lineage of Battery C, 16th Field Artillery Regiment, the battalion carries campaign streamers from World War I, World War II, and Vietnam, and has served with the 4th Infantry Division and 8th Infantry Division. The unit's nickname is ""Rolling Thunder"" and their motto is ""Macte Nova Virtute"". The battalion is composed of a headquarters and headquarters battery, three cannon batteries, and has an attached Forward Support Company, Company F, 15th Brigade Support Battalion."
Honey toast, also known as Shibuya toast, brick toast, and hanito is a Japanese dessert that originated from the district of Shibuya during the Japanese asset price bubble, often served at karaoke bars. It is also popular in other parts of the world, most prominently Taiwan and Singapore.
Claudia Mijangos Azrac is a Mexican murder ex-convict who was condemned in 1990 for filicide. Mijangos stabbed her three children to death declaring she was obliged by a diabolical entity that possessed her. She was diagnosed with Schizoaffective disorder and temporal lobe epilepsy. Therefore, she was only condemned to 30 years in prison, the minimum sentence for such a crime in Mexico.
South Bound Brook is a borough in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the borough's population was 4,563, reflecting an increase of 71 from the 4,492 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 307 from the 4,185 counted in the 1990 Census.
Sérignac-Péboudou is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.
Alleghany County is an American county located on the far western edge of Commonwealth of Virginia. It is bordered by the Allegheny Mountains, from which the county derives its name, and it is the northernmost part of the Roanoke Region. The county seat is Covington.
Glasgow Green is a park in the east end of Glasgow, Scotland, on the north bank of the River Clyde. Established in the 15th century, it is the oldest park in the city.
Alexander Edmund Batson Davie, QC -- referred to as A. E. B. Davie -- was a British Columbia politician and lawyer, and was Premier of British Columbia from 1887 until his death.
Nakata Station is a railway station located in the city of Tsugaru, Aomori Prefecture Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company.
Dayuan District, formerly known as Dayuan Township is a rural, coastal district in northwestern Taoyuan City, Taiwan.
The discography of Oomph!, a German rock band, often considered to be the original Neue Deutsche Härte musical group, consists of thirteen studio albums and one video album. Oomph! has also released twenty-three singles. The band was formed in mid-1989 by three musicians from Wolfsburg: singer/drummer Dero Goi, guitarist/programmer Andreas Crap and guitarist/bassist/programmer Robert Flux.
Nakatoyo Station is a railway station in the town of Tanagura, Fukushima, Japan operated by East Japan Railway Company.
Ali Tufan Kraç is a Turkish anatolian rock and Heavy Metal musician.
Jan witkowski is a Polish competitive swimmer who specializes in butterfly events. He is a multiple-time Polish champion and a bronze medalist in the 200-meter butterfly at the 2015 World Championships.
The Basilica of St. Anthony of Padua or simply Church of St. Anthony of Padua, is a religious building affiliated with the Catholic Church which is in the Taufa'ahau road in the town of Nukualofa, the capital of the Kingdom of Tonga in the Pacific Ocean.
The Recknitz is a river in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern in northeastern Germany. The Recknitz's glacial valley stretches as far south as the heights at Glasewitz near Güstrow. The river has no definite source, but rather builds up from streams and drainage ditches. The ditches of the Schaalbeke and Pludderbach have their water flow split between Liessow and Laage, but most of the water flows north as the Recknitz, while the lesser flow, called the Augraben, runs south to the river Nebel.
Hatta Station is a joint-use railway and subway station located in Nakamura-ku, Nagoya, Aichi Prefecture, Japan. It is located 3.1 rail kilometres from the terminus of the Kansai Line at Nagoya Station and is 0.9 kilometers from the terminus of the Hiagashiyama Line at Takabata Station.
Luangpho Yai, also known as Phra Phutta Rattana Mongkhol Maha Munee, and The Great Buddha of Roi Et, is the fourth-tallest statue in Thailand.
Kusatsu Special Prison was a prison that operated between 1938 and 1947, in Kuryu Rakusen-en Sanatorium in Kusatsu Onsen, Kusatsu town, Gunma Prefecture, Japan, where criminals in public leprosariums throughout Japan were imprisoned. Prisons for conventional crimes had been built earlier in all public leprosariums. 22 out of 93 prisoners died of cold or maltreatment in the cells or after confinement. In Japanese, it was called Tokubetsu Byoshitsu or Jyu Kanbo.
Étang Saumâtre is the largest lake in Haiti and the second largest lake in Hispaniola, after Lake Enriquillo. It is also known as Lake Azuéi; its Taíno name was Yainagua.
Le Hinglé is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Torvizcón is a municipality located in the province of Granada, Spain. According to the 2005 census, the village has a population of 795 inhabitants.
Juan Pablo Shuk Aparicio is a Colombian born actor of Spanish and Hungarian descent, who mainly works in Colombia and Spain. He is married to Ana de la Lastra.
Patrick Allen Ramsey is a former American football quarterback. He was drafted by the Washington Redskins 32nd overall in the 2002 NFL Draft. He played college football at Tulane.
The 2019 Pacific typhoon season was the costliest Pacific typhoon season on record, just ahead of the previous year. The season was fairly above-average, producing 29 named storms, 17 typhoons, and four super typhoons. It was an event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation, in which tropical cyclones form in the western Pacific Ocean. The season ran throughout 2019, though most tropical cyclones typically develop between May and October. The season's first named storm, Pabuk, reached tropical storm status on January 1, becoming the earliest-forming tropical storm of the western Pacific Ocean on record, breaking the previous record that was held by Typhoon Alice in 1979. The season's first typhoon, Wutip, reached typhoon status on February 20. Wutip further intensified into a super typhoon on February 23, becoming the strongest February typhoon on record, and the strongest tropical cyclone recorded in February in the Northern Hemisphere. The season's last named storm, Phanfone, dissipated on December 29 after it made landfall in the Philippines. The accumulated cyclone energy index of this season amounted to 269 units.
Nova Prata is a municipality in the mountainous Serra Gaúcha region of Rio Grande do Sul, in southern Brazil. It is in the Guapore micro-region of the Nordeste Rio-Grandense meso-region of the state.
Clarendon County is a county located below the fall line in the Coastal Plain region of U.S. state of South Carolina. As of 2010, its population was 34,971. Its county seat is Manning.
The Tuncurry was a wooden carvel screw steamer built in 1903 at Cape Hawke in the Australian state of New South Wales, that was wrecked when she sprang a leak whilst carrying explosives, cement, whiskey, jam and other general cargo between Sydney and Brisbane. She was lost off Barrenjoey Head, Broken Bay, New South Wales on 22 October 1916.
Puan Maharani Nakshatra Kusyala Devi is an Indonesian politician who is the current speaker of the People's Representative Council, Indonesia's lower house. She is the first female and the third-youngest person to take the office permanently, aged only 46 when she took the oath. She previously served as the Coordinating Minister for Human Development and Cultural Affairs between 2014 and 2019, also becoming the first female and the youngest among all past and present coordinating minister, as she was only 41 when she took office.
San Gioacchino ai Prati Castello is a church in Rome dedicated to Saint Joachim, the father of Mary, mother of Jesus. Construction began in 1891 and the building was opened to the public in 1898. It was consecrated on 6 June 1911 by Cardinal Pietro Respighi. Pope John XXIII made it a cardinal's titular church in 1960.
The master-at-arms rating is responsible for law enforcement and force protection in the United States Navy—equivalent to the United States Army Military Police, the United States Marine Corps Military Police, the United States Air Force Security Forces, and the United States Coast Guard's Maritime Law Enforcement Specialist. It is one of the oldest ratings in the United States Navy, having been recognized since the inception of the U.S. Navy.
Wilkanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kodzka, within Kodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
ESIC Medical College, Gulbarga, or in its full name Employees' State Insurance Corporation Medical College and Hospital, Gulbarga, is a Central Government co-educational Medical College located at Sedam Road, Gulbarga, the northern city in Karnataka, India.
Christian Kracht is a Swiss novelist and journalist.
Franconia is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 1,104 at the 2010 census. Set in the White Mountains, Franconia is home to the northern half of Franconia Notch State Park. Parts of the White Mountain National Forest are in the eastern and southern portions of the town. The Appalachian Trail crosses the southern part.
The Rinsennock is a mountain in the Gurktal Alps in Austria. It is part of the Nock Mountains sub-range and located at the border of the state of Carinthia with Upper Styria, immediately west of Turracher Höhe Pass. The summit, at 2,334 metres above the Adriatic, is a popular destination for hikers.
Skanseparken is one of the oldest parks in the city of Aarhus. It is situated in the neighborhood of Frederiksbjerg in Midtbyen. Skanseparken was constructed in the years 1901 to 1902 between the streets Strandvejen, Marselisborg Allé and Heibergsgade. The park is typical of the parks in the city with large, open areas bounded by beech trees, raised flower beds and playgrounds. It is a popular area for festivals, concerts and other cultural events.
Arena da Floresta is a multi-use stadium in Rio Branco, Acre, Brazil. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 13,534. It was built in 2006.
Žarko abarkapa is a Montenegrin–Serbian professional basketball executive and former player. He is currently serving as the sports director for Crvena zvezda.
Isaiah McKenzie is an American football utility player for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League. He played college football at Georgia, and was drafted by the Denver Broncos in the fifth round of the 2017 NFL Draft.
Cercadillo is a barrio in the municipality of Cayey, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 820.
Kenji Nishimaki is a professional Japanese baseball player. He plays infielder for the Chiba Lotte Marines.
Nicolas Auguste Pomel was a French geologist, paleontologist and botanist. He worked as a mines engineer in Algeria and became a specialist in north African vertebrate fossils. He was Senator of Algeria for Oran from 1876 to 1882.
Max Blumberg was a Lithuania-born American businessman and philanthropist.
The president of the Republic of South Africa is the head of state, head of government of South Africa and the commander-in-chief of the South African National Defence Force under the Constitution of South Africa. From 1961 to 1994, the head of state was called the state president.
Pula is the biggest city in Istria County, Croatia. It has a population of about 62,000 people as of the year 2006. It has a long tradition of winemaking, fishing, shipbuilding, and tourism. It's most famous attraction is the well-preserved Roman ampitheatre. Pula is also an administrative center of Istria since Roman times.
Pirmin Lang is a Swiss former racing cyclist. He rode in the 2014 Vuelta a España.
Coesfeld Schulzentrum is a railway station in the town of Coesfeld, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. The station lies on the Coesfeld–Münster railway and the train services are operated by Deutsche Bahn. The station was re-opened on 10 June 2011.
"The Arapawa Sheep is a breed of feral sheep found primarily on Arapaoa Island in the Marlborough Sounds, New Zealand, where they have probably been isolated since they were introduced in 1867. Although there are many theories of how the sheep arrived, it is generally accepted that they are descendants of Merino strains from Australia. The New Zealand Rare Breeds Conservation Society classifies this breed as ""rare"". This breed is raised primarily for wool."
No Remorse Corps was a professional wrestling stable, made up of Davey Richards, Rocky Romero and Roderick Strong. The stable worked for Ring of Honor between 2007 and 2008, with Richards and Romero capturing the ROH World Tag Team Championship. Richards and Romero later reunited as a tag team in New Japan Pro-Wrestling, where, between 2010 and 2012, they won the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship on two occasions.
The Edgar Backus Schermerhorn House is a historic house located at 803 E. 5th St. in Galena, Kansas. The house was built circa 1895 for Edgar Backus Schermerhorn, a wealthy businessman who owned many of the area's lead and zinc mines. Architects Anderson & Strong designed the home in the Queen Anne style. The house's design features a porch along the entire front side, a hipped roof with cross gables, and projecting bays and gables. The home's interior features lead glass windows and imported English woodwork using six different types of wood. Schermerhorn lived in the house until his death in 1923, after which his sister, Minnie K. Lennon, inherited the property. Lennon, who had previously lived on a farm, continued to raise farm animals at the house, keeping a cow in the yard and chickens in the library. Lennon occupied the house until her 1939 death.
The Fresno County Public Library provides books, ebooks, music, movies, magazines, newspapers, and services through its Central Resource Library and its 34 branches throughout Fresno County, California. The library system is headquartered in Fresno.
St. Matthias Roman Catholic Church Complex is a historic Roman Catholic church complex located in the Ridgewood neighborhood of Queens County, New York. The church was built in 1926, and is an Italian Renaissance Revival style, brick, stone, and terra cotta church with a gable roof. It features a three-stage bell tower at the projecting center bay and Corinthian order columns. Also on the property are the contributing four-story rectory, school, and convent.
The Confederate Memorial includes a 6-foot-tall Confederate soldier statue atop an arch anchored in the Fulton, Kentucky Fairview Cemetery. Funded in 1902 by the Colonel Ed Crossland Chapter No. 347 of the United Daughters of the Confederacy, the historic monument is the only such monument in Kentucky to feature an arched base, made of rough-hewn limestone.
Monachidium lunum is a species of grasshoppers belonging to the family Acrididae.
Astoria Cinemas was a cinema chain that was started by people from Triangelfilm, Atlantic Film and S/S Falden which in April 2005 bought Sandrew Metronome's cinemas in Sweden. Sandrew's cinemas in Sweden has been for sale since August 2004 because their owner was displeased with declining revenues. A bid from SF Bio in December 2004 was stopped by the Swedish Competition Authority.
Restless Heart is an American country music band established in 1984. The band's longest-lasting lineup has consisted of Larry Stewart, John Dittrich, Paul Gregg, Dave Innis, and Greg Jennings. Record producer Tim DuBois assembled the band to record demos and chose Verlon Thompson as the original lead singer, but he was replaced by Stewart in this role before the band had recorded any material. Between 1984 and 1998, Restless Heart recorded for RCA Records Nashville, releasing the albums Restless Heart, Wheels, Big Dreams in a Small Town, Fast Movin' Train, Big Iron Horses, and Matters of the Heart. Stewart left for a solo career before Big Iron Horses, which resulted in Dittrich, Innis, and Gregg alternating as lead vocalists; Innis also departed before Matters of the Heart, and the band ultimately went on hiatus from 1994 to 1998. During this time, Jennings became a member of Vince Gill's road band, and Dittrich recorded one album in The Buffalo Club. Outside a brief reunion for new tracks on a Greatest Hits album in 1998, the band remained inactive until 2002, when Dittrich, Gregg, Innis, Jennings, and Stewart resumed touring.
Kovalam is a fishing village in Chennai, India, 40 kilometres south of Chennai, on the East Coast Road en route to Mahabalipuram. Covelong was a port town developed by the Nawab of Carnatic, Saadat Ali. It was taken over by the French in 1746, and destroyed by the British in 1752.
Hrithik Roshan is an Indian film actor. Having appeared as a child actor in several films throughout the 1980s, Roshan made his film debut In leading role in Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai in 2000. His performance in the film earned him the Best Actor and Best Male Debut awards at Filmfare. He followed it with leading roles in Fiza and Mission Kashmir and a supporting part in the blockbuster Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham....
Kenneth Patrick O'Donnell was an American political consultant. He was the special assistant and appointments secretary to President John F. Kennedy from 1961 until Kennedy's assassination in November 1963. O'Donnell was a close friend of President Kennedy and his younger brother Robert F. Kennedy.
Damodar River is a river flowing across the Indian states of Jharkhand and West Bengal. Rich in mineral resources, the valley is home to large-scale mining and industrial activity. Earlier known as the Sorrow of Bengal because of its ravaging floods in the plains of West Bengal, the Damodar and its tributaries have been somewhat tamed with the construction of several dams. It is the most polluted river of India.
Christopher Jarvis Haley Hogwood CBE was an English conductor, harpsichordist, writer, and musicologist. Founder of the early music ensemble the Academy of Ancient Music, he was an authority on historically informed performance and a leading figure in the early music revival of the late 20th century.
John Gabriel Stedman was a Dutch-born Scottish colonial soldier, who wrote The Narrative of a Five Years Expedition against the Revolted Negroes of Surinam. This narrative covers his years in Surinam as a soldier in the Dutch military deployed to assist local troops fighting against groups of escaped slaves. He first recorded his experiences in a personal diary that he later rewrote and expanded into the Narrative. The Narrative was a bestseller of the time and, with its firsthand depictions of slavery and other aspects of colonization, became an important tool in the early abolitionist cause. When compared with Stedman's personal diary, his published Narrative is a sanitized and romanticized version of Stedman's time in Surinam.
The HP-55 was a programmable handheld calculator; a lower-cost alternative to the HP-65. Introduced by Hewlett-Packard in 1975, it featured twenty storage registers and room for 49 keystroke instructions. Its outward appearance was similar to the HP-65, but its silver band went through between the display and the keyboard like HP-45, its some key functions were diffent from HP-65 and it did not have a magnetic card reader/writer. Like all Hewlett-Packard calculators of the era and most since, the HP-55 used Reverse Polish Notation and a four-level automatic operand stack.
The Big Rocky Fork Covered Bridge is located 1 mile southeast of Mansfield, Indiana, on County Road 720 and about 2 miles east of State Road 59, in Parke County.
Cobalt is an American black metal band from Greeley, Colorado, founded in 2002. Cobalt have toured extensively in the US and Europe, including performances at Roadburn Festival in Tilburg, Netherlands and Maryland Deathfest.
Peters's banded skink is a skink found in the monotypic genus Scincopus.
Tyldesley is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan in Greater Manchester, England, but historically in Lancashire. It is north of Chat Moss near the foothills of the West Pennine Moors, 7.7 miles southeast of Wigan and 8.9 miles northwest of Manchester. At the United Kingdom Census 2001, the Tyldesley built-up area, excluding Shakerley, had a population of 16,142.
Claude Quittet is a French former football defender.
Lake Hawassa is an endorheic basin in Sidama Region of Ethiopia, located in the Main Ethiopian Rift south of Addis Ababa. According to the Statistical Abstract of Ethiopia for 1967/68, the lake is 16 km long and 9 km wide, with a surface area of 129 square kilometers. It has a maximum depth of 10 meters and is located at an elevation of 1,708 meters.
Stanisaw Gawowski is a Polish politician. He was elected to the Sejm on September 25, 2005 getting 7879 votes in 40 Koszalin district, candidating from the Civic Platform list. He won election to the Senate in 2019 as an independent candidate.
Puli Township is an urban township in Nantou County, Taiwan. The township is located within the Puli Basin. It is the geographic center of Taiwan.
Glasbrook Brothers Ltd. v Glamorgan County Council [1924] UKHL 3 is an English contract law and labour law case concerning the liability of private parties paying for extra police protection.
The Fryderyk Chopin Museum is a museum in Warsaw, Poland, established in 1954 and dedicated to Polish composer Frédéric Chopin.
In the aftermath of Nader's crippling defeat and expulsion from Ottoman Baghdad the commander who was put in charge of the 12,000 soldiers to maintain the siege of the city, Mohammad Khan Baluch, fled from Mesopotamia and returned to southern Persia where taking advantage of Nader's shattered prestige due to his ignominious defeat at the hands of Topal Pasha at the Battle of Samarra, Mohammad Khan raised the banner of rebellion in the south of the country.
Four Color Cards is a game of the rummy family of card games, with a relatively long history in China. In Vietnam the equivalent game is known as T sc.
The Institute of Physics of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine founded in 1926 is the oldest research institution of physical science within the Academy. Being on the path of both infrastructure development and research diversification for more than 80 years, the Institute has eventually originated five more specialized research institutions.
Dayton is a town in Rockingham County, Virginia, United States. The population is 1,530 as of the 2010 census. It is included in the Harrisonburg, Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Area.
"Kirstin Taylor ""Kirstie"" Maldonado is an American singer and songwriter, and a member of the a cappella group Pentatonix. Together with Pentatonix, Maldonado has released seven studio albums, won three Grammy Awards, and sold over six million albums.
Loren Wilber Acton is an American physicist who flew on Space Shuttle mission STS-51-F as a Payload Specialist for the Lockheed Palo Alto Research Laboratory. He is also the father of Cheryll Glotfelty, a leading ecocritic.
Ion Cernea is a retired bantamweight Greco-Roman wrestler from Romania. Between 1960 and 1965 he earned two Olympic and two world championship medals, winning the world title in 1965. He retired the same year to become a wrestling coach and international referee, and was present in this capacity at all major international wrestling competitions between 1972 and 1988.
Kannagi, sometimes spelled Kannaki, is a legendary Tamil woman who forms the central character of the Tamil epic Silapathikaram. Kannagi is described as the chaste woman who stays with her husband despite his unfaithfulness, their attempt to rebuild their marriage after her husband had lost everything but repented, how her husband is falsely framed then punished without the due checks and processes of justice. Kannagi proves and protests the injustice, then curses the king and city of Madurai leading to the death of the unjust Pandyan King of Madurai, who had wrongfully put her husband Kovalan to death. The society that had made her suffer, suffers in retribution as the city Madurai is burnt to the ground because of her curse. In the Chera and Tamil tradition, Kannagi has been deified as the symbol – sometimes as goddess – of chastity, with sculptures or reliefs in Hindu temples iconographically reminding the visitor of her breaking her anklet or tearing her bleeding breast and throwing it at the city.
An outdoor life-size sculpture of Chief Seattle by local artist James Wehn is installed in Tilikum Place in Seattle, Washington, in the United States.
"Costa Ricans, also called Ticos, are a group of people from a multiethnic Spanish-speaking nation in Central America called Costa Rica. Costa Ricans are predominantly castizos, whites and mestizo, but their country is considered a multiethnic society, which means that it is home to people of many different ethnic backgrounds. As a result, modern-day Costa Ricans do not consider their nationality as an ethnicity but as a citizenship with various ethnicities. Costa Rica has four small minority groups: Mulattoes, Blacks, Asians, and Amerindians. In addition to the ""Indigenas"", whites, mestizos, blacks and mulattoes, Costa Rica is also home to thousands of Asians. Most of the Chinese and Indians now living in the country are descendants of those that arrived during the 19th century as migrant workers.
South Point is a village in Lawrence County, Ohio, United States, along the Ohio River. South Point straddles Perry Township and Fayette Township. The population was 3,958 at the 2010 census.
Gunnersbury Park is a park in the London Borough of Hounslow between Acton, Brentford, Chiswick and Ealing, West London, England. Purchased for the nation from the Rothschild family, it was opened to the public by Neville Chamberlain, then Minister of Health, on 21 May 1926. The park is currently jointly managed by Hounslow and Ealing borough councils. A major restoration project funded by the Heritage Lottery Fund was completed in 2018. The park and garden is Grade II listed.
XO sauce is a spicy seafood sauce from Hong Kong with an umami flavor. It is commonly used in southern Chinese regions such as Guangdong.
Victoria cruziana is a tropical species of flowering plant, of the Nymphaeaceae family of water lilies native to South America, primarily Bolívia, Argentina and Paraguay. The plant is a popular water garden plant in botanical gardens where its very large leaves can reach their fullest, up to 2 m wide with a thick rim up to 20 cm high. It can be grown in cooler waters than its sister within the genus, the more familiar giant waterlily, Victoria amazonica. A 25 cm diameter flower blooms for two days, arising from the underwater bud, as a white flower that turns to a deep pink on the second and final day of its bloom. V. cruziana is a thermogenetic or heat-producing plant. The plant prefers to live in colder non moving water and requires warm temperatures in order for the flower to blossom, hence the plant must distribute a lot of energy to keep itself warmer than its natural environment. The floral stigma are attached to a cup that is protected by spines, and the floral cup begins heating up in the bud, then, as the flower opens, it releases a strong sweet scent to attract pollinating beetles, then continues to provide heat to the flower while the beetles are pollinating.
Miyoshi is a city located in Tokushima Prefecture, Japan.
Peckoltia is a genus of small South American armored suckermouth catfishes. Many of these fish are popular aquarium fish.
Henry Kemble was a teabroker in successful partnership with his brother and Conservative Member of Parliament for East Surrey, England.
Acriflavine is a topical antiseptic. It has the form of an orange or brown powder. It may be harmful in the eyes or if inhaled. It is a dye and it stains the skin and may irritate. The hydrochloride form is more irritating than the neutral form.
"Saint Bega was reputedly a saint of the Early Middle Ages; an Irish princess who valued virginity. Promised in marriage to a Viking prince who, according to a medieval manuscript The Life of St Bega, was ""son of the king of Norway"", Bega ""fled across the Irish sea to land at St. Bees on the Cumbrian coast. There she settled for a time, leading a life of exemplary piety, then, fearing the raids of pirates which were starting along the coast, she moved over to Northumbria"". The most likely time for this would have been after AD 850, when the Vikings were settling Ireland."
The Breeders' Cup World Championships is an annual series of Grade I Thoroughbred horse races, operated by Breeders' Cup Limited, a company formed in 1982. From its inception in 1984 through 2006, it was a single-day event; starting in 2007, it expanded to two days. All sites have been in the United States, except in 1996, when the races were at the Woodbine Racetrack in Canada.
Florianus, also known as Florian, was Roman emperor in 276, from July to September. He was the maternal half-brother of his predecessor, Tacitus, who was proclaimed emperor in late 275, after the unexpected death of Emperor Aurelian. After Tacitus died in July 276, allegedly assassinated as a consequence of a military plot, Florianus proclaimed himself emperor, with the recognition of the Roman Senate and much of the empire. However, Florianus soon had to deal with the revolt of Probus, who rose up shortly after Florianus ascended the throne, with the backing of the provinces of Egypt, Syria, Palestine, and Phoenicia. Probus took advantage of the terrain of the Cilician Gates, and the hot climate of the area, to which Florianus' army was unaccustomed, to chip away at their morale. Because of this, in September 276, Florianus' army rose up against him and killed him.
"Crepis, commonly known in some parts of the world as hawksbeard or hawk's-beard, is a genus of annual and perennial flowering plants of the family Asteraceae superficially resembling the dandelion, the most conspicuous difference being that Crepis usually has branching scapes with multiple heads. The genus name Crepis derives from the Greek krepis, meaning ""slipper"" or ""sandal"", possibly in reference to the shape of the fruit.
The Albufeira-Ferreiras Station is the railway station for the city of Albufeira, Algarve, in Portugal. Situated in the civil parish of Ferreiras, in the north of the municipality of Albufeira. The station opened on 1 July 1889.
"Water Street Music Hall is a concert hall and restaurant in Rochester, New York, located in the St. Paul Quarter entertainment district of Rochester, downtown and just west of the High Falls. It has a large size and capacity totaling 13,000 square feet and capacity of 1500. This larger footprint is divided into the concert hall which is about 9,000 square feet and has a capacity of 1,000 and the restaurant, ""Jack's on Water Street"", which is about 4,000 sq ft and has a capacity of 500. The main performance space offers a full public address system, stage and balcony and holds a reputation as a great live room. The hall has been open in one form or another for forty years."
Lodgepole Creek is a tributary of the South Platte River, approximately 278 miles long, in the U.S. states of Wyoming, Nebraska and Colorado. Lodgepole Creek drains a basin in the interior of a low plateau which lies between the South Platte Basin and the North Platte Basin in the southeastern corner of Wyoming, the southern edge of the Nebraska Panhandle and several small portions of northeastern Colorado. As its name implies, Lodgepole Creek is a very small stream; for nearly all of its length it flows through the semiarid High Plains. The Lodgepole Creek Valley has been a major transportation route for over 100 years; the line of the original transcontinental railroad, the Lincoln Highway/U.S. Highway 30 and Interstate 80 all run along the stream for much of its length.
Kountouriotika is a small neighborhood of Athens, Greece, named after the admiral and later President of Greece Pavlos Kountouriotis. It is located within Ampelokipoi.
Choroedocus is a genus of grasshoppers in the subfamily Catantopinae, not assigned to any tribe. Species can be found in South Africa, India and Indo-China.
The AH-IV was a Czechoslovak-designed tankette used by Romania, Sweden and Iran during World War II. The Romanian vehicles saw action on the Eastern Front from Operation Barbarossa to the Vienna Offensive. Twenty vehicles were sold to Ethiopia after the war who used them until the Eighties. Romania also created a prototype, called R-1-a.
"The 5th Engineer Regiment is a military engineer regiment of the Italian Army based in Macomer in Sardinia. Today the regiment is the engineer unit of the Mechanized Brigade ""Sassari""."
Lacroix-sur-Meuse is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
The snow pigeon is a species of bird in the genus Columba in the family Columbidae from hilly regions of central Asia. They are grey, black, pale brown and white birds, and two races are recognised; C. l. leuconota occurs in Afghanistan and the western Himalayas; C. l. gradaria occurs in the mountains of East Tibet and from East Nan Shan to Yunnan. The birds forage in open country in pairs or small groups, feeding on grain, buds, shoots, berries, and seeds. They roost at night on cliffs, breeding in crevices where they build untidy stick nests and lay a clutch of usually two white eggs. The International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated the bird's conservation status as being of least concern.
Sparone is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont, located about 40 kilometres northwest of Turin in the Canavese.
Josh Green is an Australian college basketball player for the Arizona Wildcats of the Pac-12 Conference.
Joskeleigh Cemetery is a heritage-listed cemetery at Joskeleigh Road, Joskeleigh, Shire of Livingstone, Queensland, Australia. It was built from 1890s to 1900s. It is also known as Sandhills Historical South Sea Islander Cemetery. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
Otters are carnivorous mammals in the subfamily Lutrinae. The 13 extant otter species are all semiaquatic, aquatic or marine, with diets based on fish and invertebrates. Lutrinae is a branch of the Mustelidae family, which also includes weasels, badgers, mink, and wolverines, among other animals.
Allegheny station is a SEPTA Regional Rail station located along the Manayunk/Norristown Line located at 22nd Street and Allegheny Avenue in the Swampoodle neighborhood of North Philadelphia. It has also been known in Reading and early SEPTA timetables as 22nd Street or Twenty-Second Street, a name also shared by a former Pennsylvania Railroad station on the Trenton and Chestnut Hill lines. Allegheny station is the first station along SEPTA's Manayunk/Norristown Line not to be shared with any other line. In FY 2013, Allegheny station had a weekday average of 76 boardings and 102 alightings.
Feldkirchen in Kärnten is a town in the Austrian state of Carinthia. It is the capital of the district of the same name.
The Italian Catholic Archdiocese of Sorrento-Castellammare di Stabia in Campania, has existed in its current form since 1986. It is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Naples, having lost its status as a metropolitan in 1979. The Diocese of Castellammare di Stabia was suppressed, and its territory united with the Archdiocese of Sorrento, in 1986. In 2014, in the diocese of Sorrento there was one priest for every 1,503 Catholics.
Sala Consilina is a town and comune in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of southwestern Italy. With 12,635 inhabitants it is the most populated town of Vallo di Diano.
"Michael Haydn wrote the Missa pro defuncto Archiepiscopo Sigismondo, or more generally Missa pro Defunctis, Klafsky I:8, MH 155, following the death of the Count Archbishop Sigismund von Schrattenbach in Salzburg in December 1771. Haydn completed the Requiem before the year was over, signing it ""S[oli] D[eo] H[onor] et G[loria.] Salisburgi 31 Dicembre 1771."" At the beginning of that year, his daughter Aloisia Josefa died. Historians believe ""his own personal bereavement"" motivated the composition. Contemporary materials which have survived to the present day include the autograph score found in Berlin, a set of copied parts with many corrections in Haydn's hand in Salzburg and another set at the Esterházy castle in Eisenstadt, and a score prepared by the Salzburg copyist Nikolaus Lang found in Munich."
Redbank Township is a township in Clarion County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,370 at the 2010 census.
Sretensky Monastery is an Orthodox monastery in Moscow, founded by Grand Prince Vasili I in 1397. It used to be located close to the present-day Red Square, but in the early 16th century it was moved northeast to what is now Bolshaya Lubyanka Street. The Sretensky Monastery gave its name to adjacent streets and byways, namely Sretenka Street, Sretensky Boulevard, Sretensky Lane, Sretensky Deadend, and Sretensky Gates Square.
The Caudron G.6 was a French reconnaissance aircraft of World War I. It married the wings and engine layout of the unorthodox Caudron G.4 to an all-new fuselage of conventional design. Over 500 of these aircraft were used by the French military for reconnaissance and artillery-spotting duties in 1917 and 1918.
"Bear Lake is a natural freshwater lake on the Idaho–Utah border in the Western United States. About 109 square miles in size, it is split about equally between the two states; its Utah portion comprises the second-largest natural freshwater lake in Utah, after Utah Lake. The lake has been called the ""Caribbean of the Rockies"" for its unique turquoise-blue color, which is due to the refraction of calcium carbonate deposits suspended in the lake. Its water properties have led to the evolution of several unique species of fauna that occur only within the lake. Bear Lake is over 250,000 years old. It was formed by fault subsidence that continues today, slowly deepening the lake along the eastern side.
Discoverer Enterprise is a fifth generation deepwater double hulled dynamically positioned drillship owned and operated by Transocean Offshore Deepwater Drilling Inc., capable of operating in moderate environments and water depths up to 3,049 m using an 18.75 in, 15,000 psi blowout preventer, and a 21 in outside diameter marine riser. From 1998 to 2005 the vessel was Panama-flagged and currently flies the flag of convenience of the Marshall Islands.
Gen. John Lacey Homestead is a historic home located at Wycombe, Buckingham Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania. It was built in six sections over 200 years, with the earliest constructed in 1755. The oldest section is a 2 ¹-story, random-fieldstone structure with a slate-covered gable roof. Attached to it are two 2 ¹-story, fieldstone sections with slate gable roofs. The fourth section is a 1 ¹-story, plaster-covered stone section. The fifth section is a 1 ¹-story, enclosed porch with a shed roof. The sixth section is a 1 ¹-story, frame section with a gable roof. It was the home of Revolutionary War General John Lacey.
Mount Grant is both the highest and most topographically prominent mountain in both the Wassuk Range and Mineral County in Nevada, United States. It ranks thirteenth among the most topographically prominent peaks in the state. The peak is located within the Hawthorne Army Depot, resulting in very limited public access.
The First National Bank of Adams is a historic commercial building located on Main Street in Adams, Minnesota, United States. Built in 1924, it was designed by the noted Prairie School architects Purcell & Elmslie. The interior of the building includes a mural by John W. Norton. The building also housed the village council chambers and was later operated as a municipal liquor store and known as the Adams Municipal Liquor Store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
Campiglia Marittima is a comune in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region Tuscany, located about 90 kilometres southwest of Florence and about 60 kilometres southeast of Livorno.
Lake of Stars Festival is an annual three-day international festival held on the shores of Lake Malawi, the third largest lake in Africa. The first festival took place in 2004 and attracts over 4,000 attendees with musical acts drawn mainly from Africa and Europe.
Jacquère is a variety of white grape found primarily in the Savoy wine region of France. It is a high-yielding vine variety which is used to produce lightly scented, refreshing and gently aromatic dry white wine, such as Vin de Savoie. Jacquère is the grape used in Apremont wines and is the usual wine paired with cheese fondue. It is also found in Bugey wines.